 A vessel floats on water. So the calculation, we are kind of close over here, but a buoyancy force, which would be FV, equals the density times the volume of an object. So if you have a, so if you have a one cubic foot of an object being supported, then that will give a buoyant force of 62.4 pounds in fresh water. Because the density of water is 62.4 pounds per cubic foot. So if you have one cubic foot that submerges, that produces 62.4 pounds. Does that make sense? So knowing this, can you guys see where this is going to go with the canoes, like how it's going to be schooled for us? Walking through how knowing one cubic foot will produce 62 pounds of better encapsulated food or using canoes with encapsulated food, in turn, that length will give you more space for the people. Yeah. So yeah, Zachary's saying, like, this way we can determine if our canoe will be large enough to support the people, like, the people. Yeah. So yeah, Zachary's saying, like, this way we can determine if our canoe will be large enough to support the people, like, the people. Yeah. So yeah, Zachary's saying, like, the way we can determine if our canoe will be large enough to support the people, like, the Yeah. So yeah, Zachary's saying, like, the way we can determine if our canoe will be large enough to support the people, like, the Yeah. So yeah, Zachary's saying, like, the way we can determine if our canoe will be large enough to support the people, like, the load of our people, and then if we need to make the boat larger. Yeah. So first thing we've got to do, we've got to scale down from cubic feet to cubic inches. Do you guys know how to scale down from cubic feet to cubic inches? Yeah. So first thing we've got to do, we've got to scale down from cubic feet to cubic inches. Do you guys know how to scale down from cubic feet to cubic inches? Yeah. Do you guys want me to slow down if you're writing this down, or do you want to just kind of follow along? Either way works. Will you have these afterwards? Will you have the... I just sent you guys a slide. You can send us these afterwards. Yeah. I'll do that. Okay. So yeah, since boats are... Feet is a better unit for us with the density of water, but since we build our canoes using the unit of inches, that's why we're converting this to pounds of cubic inch. So for today's understanding, we have an example box canoe, which is 100 inches in length by 24 inches in width and 15 inches in height. So that gives us the total volume of 36,000 cubic inches, which when we multiply by the density of water provides 1,300 pounds of foresinking. So we're going to use Excel because Excel makes it really easy to iterate and do a lot of things. So I think we can kind of just think about the sum as we go through. So the first one, the top arrow, the top center of the volume, how do we calculate that volume? Somebody walking through that formula? Length times width times height. Yeah. So that's our first one. Where does the max capacity come from? Somebody over here. Amount of water splits and follows. Yeah. Where's that at here? Yeah. That's our .03611. I just took this from Dr. Cole. He's a good guy. But if I was going to sell sheet, I'd probably put a unit over here like density of water and put that value in just so you can see it and make sense. So this one works great too. The next arrow down... Do you guys tell where that number comes from? I guess that one. Yeah. So that 10 pounds is how much your canoe is going to weigh. I doubt, especially looking at the people in this room, I don't think you guys will be able to close 350 pounds of people in your boat. But that's kind of an example. I'm just going to show you both will float. Yeah, so that's our total weight. Add those categories together. Where does that difference number come from? Yeah, absolutely. And height needed. How do we get the height needed value there? So, yeah. Is it the actual height that the canoe needs to be to support the weight? Yeah. So if you had a canoe that was, in this case, 4.25 inches tall, that had that length and width, then it would support 368 pounds. Although it probably would float, or it would probably sink, because you'd be right at the edge, and water would seep in. But hypothetically, that's all you need. So yeah. Do you guys know how to find that number from the Excel sheet? Yeah. I think that sounds right. Your weight? Yeah. Yeah, false. Yeah. We have G7. We can't tell what G7 is. Yeah, that is unfortunate. I think G7 would be the 360 and I believe. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, you're right. So that'd be the weight divided by, like you guys were saying, the length and the width, and divided by the cubic inches for the pounds per cubic inch of water. So yeah. Good work walking through that one. And do you guys know what freeboard is? Does someone have a guess? William? The amount of height that's above the water. Yeah.
  So the amount of cardboard you have above, how would you calculate that value? You would need to calculate how far submerged you would be, and then you would just subtract the total height that you have from that. So in this case, which values would you use? Well, assuming that by height needed, that's referring to the submerged depth, I would just do height minus height needed. Absolutely. Sorry, I almost cut out those numbers. Try to make sure I don't do that again in the future. Does that make sense with where these numbers come from? Does anyone have any questions about that? John? What's the reason for the height needed calculation? What kind of thing was it? Okay, so the reason we get the height needed calculation is really so we can get reboard, and that way we know how much. Like how much height we have out of the water, because we want to make sure we have a certain amount. That way the boat doesn't sink. Because if it's too little, a wave is going to come in. So yeah, the height needed, it's a cool number to see how much you need, and it's also important so that you know how much reboard you have. Is there a formula in relation to? To what? To calculate the height that is good. Because. Because the height needed is the height that's going to be submerged under the water, right? Yeah. Is there like a formula you can. Yeah, I can put that over here. Can you explain that formula again too? Yeah. I'm trying to understand what's the equation. I'll call it. Do you guys think it would be helpful to do the numbers we have over there, or do you use variables? I think variables. Variables, okay. So W, this will be our weight. W. Is that big enough? You want it a little bigger. That's good. That's good, okay. So to calculate height needed, we'll have our weight divided by the length of the canoe and the width of the canoe. And then also our density in inches. So this is all in inches. And then this will be height, other substrates for bed for needed. And this will be units of pounds. Over, would that be inches, inches, inches times, inches times. Inches per pound. Pounds over one, right? Inches cubed. Yeah. So that'd be, yeah, you're right Mason. Inches a pound. Wait, there are two W's? No, rho is, oh, that's confusing. Which one do you use? I use B instead. Okay. Sorry, that was not very helpful. So, so in the numerator that's weight? Yeah. I'll just write out weight. Weight over, then we have the length of the canoe. We'll call it base or width. And then density. I don't think inches a pound makes sense. No. It should just be inches. A pound cancels out. Yeah. Oh yeah, you're right. Length times width times what? Length, width, this is density. Oh yeah, density. So density of water, which in our case was the .03611 number. Yeah. Yeah, me too. How does that -- sorry, I'm trying to turn over my high school physics. How does that calculation work? Like, how does that give the height needed? How does it give height needed? So what we have here is like weight is a force, right? Right. So our weight is -- we're going to be like the same thing as our buoyant force. So our -- like you were saying earlier, like, fmg we want to equal -- Fb. Fb. And Fb equals height times length times width. Is volume times density, and then this is just a -- and then this is just a rearrangement of that? Yeah, just a rearrangement of this. That's here. So this will be our force here, right? Length times width. It's like density is pounds. Yeah. That makes sense. Pounds. Yeah. Oh, and then to get -- and then to solve for height. Okay. Sorry, it's kind of small. And then you solve for height. Yeah, then you rearrange. So Fb -- I guess I would make this say equals weight. No, this does not equal weight. This is weight here. So you just rearrange, and you throw, like, weight. Yeah, you do weight divided by length, base, and row, and you solve for your height. Yeah, sorry. That's been a while. Putting it all in that doesn't make any sense. So we have weight equals height -- oh, boy -- height, there's length, there's base, there's density. Then we'll rearrange that and get height equals weight over length, base, and row. Can you guys see over here what I'm saying right now? Does that make sense? Yeah. Maybe I should have started with the white border earlier. Any other questions on where density comes from? Dave, you -- I'm sorry, you're jumping in. I have to -- I'm seeing it's all through the board. What, how do you -- yeah. So we're pretty much just calculating how much, like, the height we need to have our values based on. And it's 100 by 24, which is Y. And I'll show you these slides too. So yeah, that's the basic, like, you can see the physics behind what we're doing here with building canoes. This can be encouraging. Like, your canoe doesn't need to be super tall or wide. Like, you'll be able to hold you because you guys don't weigh more than 350 pounds. So yeah, it should work out here. And if there are any other questions, feel free to ask me throughout the night. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We've got a couple more things to run through, and then we'll head over to the symbol building. So Dr. Cole, he threw this on here. It's like an AI prompt to kind of run through what we just did, which I think would be kind of cool now that we know it. I don't think this one will be very useful because you guys made that one last week. Sorry, did you want a picture of Daniel? Yeah, sweet. He threw it in chat, and this is what it threw out. It's like the same thing we just did with slides. Instead of Excel. That's cool. Back on the web app thing from last week. Did you guys get -- how many teams tried to make a web app? I know that these two did. Did you guys get one over there or no? Would somebody be able to share theirs with them over there? Give me a second to figure out how to do that. Okay. Yeah, I don't know which one you have. Mine ended up being okay. It wasn't the best thing I've created. It's already online. Okay. Did you share yours then? Because yours was accurate. Yeah, it was hooked up. So, who wants it? I have a link. Whoever wants it, I can tell you. Do you want to send me the link? Yeah. And then I'll send it through when I send out the slide deck. Yeah. How would I send it to you? Just your email? Oh, yeah. Email it to me. It would be great. Thanks, Levi. Yeah. And now we should be able to check that now that we know the theory behind density or just theory behind buoyancy. Yeah. So, we're going to go ahead and do that. Okay. So, this is the first one. So, we're going to go ahead and do that. So, we're going to go ahead and do that. Yeah, that'd be good.
  We weighed the materials you guys are going to get for your canoe. So those will be 10.4 pounds, which was reflected in that Excel spreadsheet. So now we're going to head over to the lab and we have some buckets of water filled up and we have some boats to begin task. Did anyone weigh just the core of the tape roll? No, it's not going to matter that much. It'll change your height by like 0.0001 inches. Yeah. So we're going to head over and see how these different boats work out. This I think, somebody take a picture of this from your teams. The second part of the lab after we play with the boats in the waters is going to be experimenting with rolling different widths of tubes. They explain it in this handout. But actually, I feel like the picture makes a lot more sense. So, yeah, we're going to see which direction it gives these creases and which width is strong enough but also efficient. Just kind of test it around. Yeah. And then you guys have different sized dowels to roll with. I'm just going to tell you guys, I would, you can try it with these, but I would probably start this as the lowest. I mean, you can see what that looks like, but it'll, I'm going to use a small piece of paper. Yeah. So you can request what ones you have when we get over there. I'm not sure how it's going to be set up today. We'll see. And then after you guys do some experimentation, we will put together, we have these like little receipt rolls that are scaled so you can like draw out how you want to cut out your canoes. Like if you have a plan for it. How far along would your group say you are with planning your canoe? Yeah. Have you guys thought much about it yet? Or what size stuff do you want? We've thought about that. We have to build one. We've thought about the different things we'll need to take into consideration. But we haven't settled on dimensions or anything. Yeah. Does that have all where you guys are too? We've agreed. I'll send out an email based on what our next lab is. But I would recommend before you guys come to lab, have an idea. Before you guys come to lab, have an idea. come to your construction lab know what you want to do with your canoe at least somewhat or else be ready to start building i think you'll want to be make the most use of your time there yeah uh i'm not yeah i'm not sure where you guys are gonna end up building them i don't think we've finalized that yet i think it it would make sense for you guys to build them in like a dorm room and then maybe during the lab section when you guys are building i'll come like walk around and find you guys where you're at or some other public space because otherwise like there's not really spaces to warm in the civil building and like transporting them and walking over a week kind of a mess especially if it's raining you should have a blueprint next time that we're reading johnny has johnny talked to you guys at all about what building can you do that a little bit why so all right if not there's also a couple of software tools that you guys can use instead of this receipt paper which um dr cole he made another ai tool uh he hosts a github i guess the university is uh encouraging people them to host the websites they make on github do you know about that johnny i'm not sure but get a bit of something a good option to host stuff okay as long as it's static yeah okay and then there's also this max cut software which i guess teams have used in the past just like the engineers they like they'll do something and plan it out before honestly when i put boats in the past i think this will work out not as uh as orderly as our guy last week was so yeah this is for that um receipt roll it's like a kind of a scale thing if you guys want to use the receipt roll i might recommend taking a photo of this one too i'm not sure what your teams will find the most useful okay i want to move on to the next slide and this is what dr cole's thing looks like uh you can like it's not on the screen but you can plug in stuff on the bottom there underneath bottom left like what size um what size like rolls and tubes you want that it'll add it on you can see where you want to cut it and whatnot but this won't take into account like how you want to cut it if you want like once rolling would you decide like going with how it's been rolled is better or rolling perpendicular is better so you don't want something to be better on the receipt paper i'm gonna do that uh this is the max cut software um yeah then i'll hand you guys a paper as we get ready to head over there um but yeah we're gonna start with the votes and then i have this paper that kind of guides you guys through you're going to want to have um one like team of your reading and like kind of guiding what you guys are supposed to do but have some fun out there with you too this should be a fun lab that's all yeah let's head over to the cc um i've been taking your stuff with you and you just just leave from there i built the um i built the spreadsheet as you were talking about it the one thing i'm getting in here yeah we will okay i'll grab my mic okay sounds good okay i got that spreadsheet built sweet um does everybody uh you want to grab one of these too yeah so oh yeah go for it should i act dead should i act dead okay John you don't want me to just go on? have you killed anybody yet? i'm ready for two people okay it's pretty much the same all right i'm gonna let is it is it allowed procedure what's going on here i had to get a picture oh okay do you guys want to have a drive with me hey jay what was lab tonight for you do i tell you all right guys you're ready to head out hey do i tell you my target or does jace tell you he tells me anything okay got it do you know who would you like to be covered this year okay just either sponsor yeah oh yeah i i i've done that for everybody playing the game already i haven't spread to you i don't know oh you did it all of them you got all their schedules already um another class schedule yeah i've only done that for targets oh okay i mean how do you get to class schedules i can't get beyond basic yeah yeah it's not hard you do uh i mean you just look at the picture he's not playing he's not playing ours yeah i'm playing a different game he's playing a different one oh i didn't know thank you and i know
  - You're the best. - I'm a rascal now. - This is the door I left earlier to get my target. - Thanks. - Yeah. - I got my target before you. - I sat in Tyler, I sat in Tyler, I sat in Tyler outside of my target's classroom and waited for the professor to say, have a good, good week everyone, and then talk to them. - I got my target before you like five o'clock today. - Oh wow. - Ghetto lab, right? - Yeah. - Okay. Yeah. No, I, uh, I didn't know how to do, to cedar stock people until literally yesterday. Then I stocked in my target yesterday and then I didn't have a chance to get it today. So I was going to get it tomorrow. - I was like, I don't know when I'm going to get my next person. And then I saw that it was you and I was like, oh. - Well, lucky you. - Yeah. I got lucky with that one. - Yeah. No, if you, if you want to go for the next person, you, you can. - Tomorrow, like he only has two classes. One's at, well he has Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday in the morning. At eight, I think. Eight or nine. - Oh, yeah. - So that's probably the easier one to get him unless you have something going on at 11. - Oh, okay. His other class is Tuesday, Thursday from 11:00 to 11:50. - Yeah, he's in, uh, which one is that? - Yep. - This is Vernet's. - We're in trouble now. - Yeah, because it's raining? - Yeah. - So we're gonna do all the voting here and then all the paper activities. - Okay. - I got all the stuff. - Okay. Thanks, Mason. - All right. - And where is... - They didn't want to go to the bathroom. - All right. - Each team, there's one of these, uh, things to be on. - All right. - Just drop it. - I'm starting to be throwing them in. - Did someone get a box of weights? - I did not. - Where's the bathroom? - Uh, go out. It's, like, turn right. Main spot. And then there's... - No, I don't like that one. - Do they have a... - Turn at the end. - Okay. So this is... - There's a picture of a water park. - Oh, nice. A water park. - So... - I'm getting my laptop out so we can have fun. - Mm-hmm. - All right. - Okay. - All right. - Let's go. - How about you, Cooper? - Isn't that what you were going to be getting? I thought Levi was going to be with us. - Who has the weights is what I asked. Sorry. Do they have the weights? - Three of the end. - Okay. - I love your shirt. - Can I have weights? I didn't get weights. The whole thing? - Yes. - Thank you. - This one or this one is probably the closest to what we're... - I actually know probably... - This one has a... - No, wait. That's the... - That red one's really similar to what we're thinking. - I think that that's narrower. - It's narrower but the bottom's slimmer. - Were we thinking of doing that? We didn't talk about that. - I thought we did. - We definitely did not talk about having a non-straight bottom. - Um, well, I don't think... - Let me get my... - But it could be useful. - Yeah, so what we were talking about was something like this. So we can test that against how the different models... - We haven't talked about it but my brain was thinking that, if that makes sense. - I'm not saying that's what we should do, I'm just saying that's what I had like... - It does seem like the curb would have less stability. - So I don't think... - But... - It'd be more... - Did you guys hear my recommendation here? - I was looking at what's different with all the boats and then start to work through the lab sheets. - Yeah. - Let's get into what we're looking at. - So... - That one's short. - Okay, so we got... - These are... - Take them out of the water. - There you go, do that. We could build a boat that's like that. - These are like... Oh, this one has a slight... This one has a slight, like, up curve. - And we were thinking about doing that, so... - Yeah, you guys have just got two of the same boat. - They're not. - No, no, this one has a curve. - I think this is a printing error. - Yeah. - Um... - Oh, it's... It's a printing error. - Oh, yeah, nobody else has two whites. - Oh, cool. - Okay, so... - Pick the one we like better? - The one with the curve. - I heard... By the way, I heard from my guy that... - Did I mention... - No, that would create a complicating factor. - Did I mention that the gap... - Yeah. The guy who had won several said to make it skinny and long. - Okay. - I can't remember if I mentioned that. I mean, obviously, pay attention that you don't want to make it too long that it contorts. - Yeah. - But the longer you can make it, the faster you'll go. - Yeah, I think not this one. - That's high. - That is high as well. - Yeah. - Dude, were we... - This one's taking a long time. - That one... - Like, it's not even... - We haven't even messed with it, and it's... - Unless it just got water in it from dropping it in there, maybe? - Should we start collecting? - Yeah, I think... I don't think that... - The fact that they had water in it... - Necessarily. - Okay, yeah. - Did you guys do weights over here? - We got weights. - Should we start the procedure? - Yeah, let's go for it. - Okay, why doesn't the line see the actual thing? - No, we're done. - Guys, do you need to water this? - I don't want to read it. - Okay, do you want me to read it out loud? - Yes, let me do this. - All right. - Did you guys get two? - Two... - Yeah, two whites. - What is it? - You're supposed to get one. - We're supposed to have one of these blue things, I think? - That's what they said. - I'll add a color. - Two more. - You guys go. - Use the hull models... - What do you guys face using a water tank to investigate buoyancy, stability, and loading? - Wait, let me... - Use your observations to refine your cargo design. Your canoe design. - What do you think? - Hull shape displacements. Load several hull models with equal windows to compare their depth in the water, freeboard, and responses to adjacent cells. Which hulls sit deepest, which retains the most freeboard? Which shapes retain small disturbances best? How do width and bottom affect tip-in shapes? - Are you recording people? - I may need some help because I do want to help with the lab. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Okay, so basically we're putting an equal amount of weights in each of them. - Let's see if there's any... - I'm gonna do this in a minute. - Well, that's putting all the weights in. - Okay, so what did we want to test? How many weights on what? - Can you guys give me a minute to set up any... Yeah. Set up in the Excel sheet. Yeah, go for it.
  Here's another weights. Me too man. That's like for two people. Oh you already have the Excel sheet set up? I built the one for the freeboard calcs. Then we should be able to use that to see what the... I'm using this to gather data though. That's to calculate. No no no. Okay well you can just copy paste the formula. I'm just saying you can use it to calculate if we measure the width and stuff to see what the proportional amount of weight in this to our weight. Right. He's saying he's going to, he's creating one right now to see. Like this is just, that one's a calculator. This one... Yeah right. But you have the calcs. Yes. Right so I'm saying you can copy paste the calculator to conserve that and... Right. Do we have, did you guys get little foam blocks? Yeah we have foam blocks. And a tape measure. There's two of them. Ten grand. Later I think. There's a core. So what would you guys describe the what, what do you think at the scale approximately? What do you mean? Between these and the canoe. I think we have, I thought that's what that last one slide was. It was like the two millimeter whatever. No that's the receipt. That's the receipt, okay. Yeah. Um, do we want to assume like a, like what do you think an average width for a canoe is? Like three or four feet? Okay let's stop, let's um, let's not worry, hear me out. Let's not worry about scale right now. Let's get, let's get the tape measure out. Get measurements of everything, get measurements and descriptions of everything down. And then. But we could do that afterwards. Yeah. Well, okay. Yeah. But that's because I wanted to put in the amount. Oh, it's so close to the ladder. Um, yeah, we could do that too. I mean, we could find, I think we find arbitrarily which one's the most stable. All right. What's the length of three that are most stable? And then that would save us some data. And we can find proportional values. Because we don't work. What's the length of that yellow one you just measured? That was eight inches from back to front. But it was eight inches from front to back. But it is... Just go back to front. I only have spots for back to front. For length, just do... It's almost eight. It's not quite eight inches. For the cone, because we're using it for volume, do halfway. Do halfway between the cone tip and where it starts. Yeah, to save us base times one half. Smart. Oh, I see what you're saying. Six and a half? Six and a half. What's the width? Four and a half. What's the depth? One inch. White. Your number, mid-white. Like six and three quarters. Between six and three quarters and seven. I'll call it 6.75. Perfect. Three? And then one and a half. Hey, Eli, do you want to take this out? Are we going to blue? Yeah, that's true. If that's okay. Seven. We'll call it seven. That's length one. Yep, that was length. Two and a little bit. Two and a little bit. Two and a little bit. So you could call it? Two and a quarter. Yeah, basically. Almost. It's like literally smack dab in between two and two and a quarter. So, 2.125. Two inches. Do you guys have two of these boxes? We do. One's sitting down here. Okay, great. Thank you. Orange. What weight were we collectively thinking about? What is it? What weight was the canoe going to have? Six and a half. Ten. Yeah, the canoe. The canoe weighs ten. Yeah, the canoe itself weighs ten. No, no, no, the people that were putting in the canoe. Oh, it worked out to 368 was the scale number we were using, was the number we were using on the slides, but our number is? 114 plus 160. Okay, but if we're adding like paddles and canoe. 160, 300. Just call it 300 pounds. 300, 310. Okay. Just call it 320 for safety. Call it 320 for a 10% margin of error. Call it 320 for a 10% margin of error and I think we're chilling. Orange. Orange is six and a half. You're getting dimensions again. Five. I wrote down just a basic description of what they all looked at. Four and three quarters. What'd you say? Four and three quarters. I'm sorry, not four and three quarters. Three and three quarters. Okay. Give me a thousand. The question is, do we know how much each of these weigh? I, what am I thinking? 3.75? Yeah. Wow, this one's hard to measure this way. Two. Eyeball it. 1.75. And then grab. Here, you want to, once I get these dimensions, do you want to type the dimensions into the description there? Yeah, I can. 6.75. You were saying put the descriptions in there. How many grams do we have? 6.75. I can just. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Wait, I put that in the wrong field. Sorry. All right, let's talk. What's width? Width is 2.75 again. Not again, but 2.75. Height? We'll go with 2.5, so 2.5. All right, we're dealing with 84 grams. Did you get the same? So each of these are 20 grams. I did not put the same length in. I was just curious. Oh, okay. How much do they vary by? So four of these is approximately the width. Wait, I typed that wrong. Can we remeasure that orange one? Absolutely. I accidentally put the length in as 1.75. They should all be roughly the same length. Yeah, this one's like 6.75, maybe 6.5. 6.5 would probably be closer. 6.5. 6.625, you think? Yeah, you could do that. So this is what I'm... Yeah, they vary between 6.5 and 7 inches. So they're pretty close. All right. So I'd say whatever the scale to that is, I think we should go with that length. Okay. I'm going to sit down real quick because I want to type in the volume count. Yeah, I mean, this is the thing is that the person that I was mentioning that says make it as long as possible is that... He said that people disagree with him, but he also has been winning. So I don't know what these are modeled to. Does that make sense? Okay. If these are modeled to winners, they're going to be modeled to what he said. If they're modeled to what's suggested because it's a little bit more stable, then it will probably be a little bit shorter. So it just depends. So longer is riskier, but it's also fast. All right. I don't know what the little foam tips are for. Do we know? - What was the, what was the, what was the,
  What was the height on the orange again, do you remember? No I don't remember. Sorry, I have terrible memory. Those are to model like we can put these in as people and then go back. And then the phone. Oh, I shouldn't have said that. 1.75. I'm just making sure because the red definitely has a ton of volume because of the circle thing. Oh yeah. But the red's volume calculation is wrong. I mean oranges is 2 because I'm using a, um, because I'm just using a box approximation. Oh, as you were saying, yeah, yeah. Alright, your turn. Description. Description. I can only put that in. It's the bottom. No, no, no, we have an 8. Just sit, just, maybe not over the water. Do you have a quad on it or a co-pilot that can do that too? If not. I have Excel in his piping. Alright, so we need 84 grams as a test weight. Where's the handout? Does that have anything else on it? Oh, no, no, I was just wondering what else, if this had anything else important because he just came over and asked where we're at. It is, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, you did? Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. Oh, I sent it to the group chat too. skinny.
  You just gotta figure out how that it doesn't tip, how it doesn't contort, how it doesn't sink. How do we do that? This is going very well. I would highly suggest not doing the yellow. But it's really low full boy. Right. Well yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're going to actually have like twisting and stuff, which these are not. Right, because as you are... But that's why we're like... I'm liking the way the orange is there because it rocks a little bit. Yeah. Now it's going to be hard to add rice to this. And it's a nightmare to build that thing. I don't think that this is going to be representative though just because of the fire weight. Yes, but it's... Because they're all sinking. It's just to... It's designed... It's to test which ones are more stable, which ones aren't stable. I mean, the canoe frame is definitely not straight. It's all curved. Yeah, so I think what... I think the... The biggest conclusion is obviously wider boats have more stability. Yes, that's the takeaway from this. But narrower ones can have higher walls and therefore more freeboard. Hey! I think we should... But the wider ones... Like, if you have more stability, then the amount of freeboard that you have does matter less. So I think you can have an optimal weight. I don't think we go wide. I don't think we go wide. No. I don't think so. Right. I think we actually go wide. Have you seen a kayak? Have you all seen a kayak? Yeah. Yeah. All right. How about we see how each of these does in terms of dealing with being rocked when they only have one? Chris, both of you. I'm not opposed to the idea, but why just one weight? Yeah. Because like let's say just Levi, for example, he would be more so up here rather than directly in the middle. You have another guy in the back. I think what we should maybe do is scale the weights correctly. So we have, let's see, our total mass we need is 80 grams. Is 83 grams. We can ask you. Scaled. The base of each of these is 50. So that's the problem. Yeah. Hear me out. Leave it. I'm putting my computer right beneath your legs. Do not move. Okay, so what's your solution? So this is 50? This alone is 50? Yeah. So both of those alone with this. We're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. How would those be proportionate to a model? We're trying to model it for a 114.4 pound person and a 170 pound person. Okay, I think we just, just noting that it will be more stable with the lower center of mass. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that we can add, 5 gram weights and 10 gram weights. So we're doing weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams. The weight could be lower. Then we have 20 gram weights that have the base is 50 grams.
  Honestly, I think this is just a good idea to get our hands on it and see kind of what we're looking at and I don't think these are perfect numbers. Can you pull those out? We need to work on them. And we aren't limited to these designs only. We can make our own hybrid versions, mix and match what works. Wait, wait, wait. We're doing freeboard. No, this is literally just about freeboard. They will sink. Really? Yeah, that was... All right, see if that floats. That might be too much weight. If you got the weight perfect in here, maybe, but... Oh, I think I'm getting it. Okay, weight distribution is highly important as we are figuring out. It can depend on if it sinks or floats. But now let's give it some waves. This is what it recommends. But look at this. Look at this. Wait, wait, hold on. Look, I moved one weight and it did that. Maybe one and two millimeters of freeboard? Okay, wait. Throw a little bit more. Just for the record, this is three times the amount of weight that we're predicting to have. Yes, but this is talking about how much freeboard we... That's not an objection. Oh, okay, I see what you're saying. You're just saying. Okay. I understand you are trying to get the best data possible. I'm not making an objection. Let me finish what I'm saying, please. I understand you are trying to get the best data possible out of the lab, and I appreciate that, but at a certain point, we are not testing everything perfect. We're testing for other variables like freeboard and such, which means we need to overload, load to max. So not everything is going to be a perfect mass test. Which this wasn't. Right, and he was just, I think, I think Gordon was just saying that it's, he was just mentioning that again so that we knew what we were doing. But yes, that is what we were doing. Yeah, I was trying to say that it should be. Yep, exactly. So, okay. All right, let's go to the... What's the fourth lab we could do? And is that something we can easily Google? I don't know. The fourth one is like... Yeah, which one's traveling faster and slower? Oh, yeah. That's Google-able. I mean, to an extent. Yeah, we could do that. Oh, that's decent. Let me give... Yeah, but now we have... That's with all the weight in it, too. Right, right, that wasn't bad. I mean... I think it'll move faster with weight. Yeah, so we would have... But it also shows... It's going to show rocking and stuff with all the weight and stuff. Honestly, this one isn't that bad. That's not going to work. That's too slow. But it isn't that slow. But the problem comes with stability. I'm just saying, even though... Blue is hyper-fast, but hyper-unstable. Right. So, as Nate was saying earlier, a hybrid blue, white... And if we want to do the tip, the tip of orange. But if not the tip, then just... I think maybe just the tip of orange. I don't want to do... Because I don't think we could safely build orange. Exactly. I agree. Yeah. Okay, here's this. I do not like the red one. So, white, blue, and orange? Yeah. So, white, blue, white, green, orange? Orange is not bad. Like, I think it's doing good in the simulation. Orange is not realistic, though. Exactly. I think that's the thing. It does good in the simulation. I don't think it'd do good in real life. It would do good in real life if we could actually do it. Maybe. But I don't know. I just feel like it would do. I don't think we should do it. Look at this. Yellow sinks. I think we should do a lifted tip like on orange. Yeah, if we can accomplish that, I think the tip would be good. I should mention it to that guy, though, and see what his thoughts are. Do we want to continue now? I think we should move on to paper lamp. Yes. Let's get pictures of all the boats and stuff, too. Oh, wait. The descriptions is good, but if we actually have a visual. Yeah, that's a good idea. This I can. Next. Don't forget to get bottom. Oh, yeah. The bottom on this one is a little different. Oh, no. All right, we're good. Next. Give me like an isometric rotation. Oh, like a video? No. Oh, my name. Oh, none of you are. You're in graphics, aren't you? I'm sorry. William, you're in graphics, right? No. Oh. I was going to say something. I was going to say, just give me like an isometric view. See which would be. You're repeating a word. Doesn't explain it. From the top view like that? Interesting. All right, we should probably. Can we get white and orange? So then we should get. Yes. Can someone get white and orange? The names we need are white, blue, and orange. My hands are wet. Yeah, if somebody could get a picture of white and orange. These are the last two. And then we can pack up weights. Some of that could be nice. Want to get white and orange? Yeah, I can. Here's the weights too. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's not have them on the hook though. Because that would. Annoying? Yeah. So we want to be helpful. What is up with the camera? It is currently inverted. Oh no. So after I invert. How do you invert it? You can fix it in post. You're going to grab those. And we're going to put them over here on the shelf. On the shelf? Yeah. And the weights as well. Did you get the weights on that one? This one needs the weights back on it. Oh. That's how they came. Just the 5 and the 10 don't go on it. If you run out of room, let me know. And if you have extra room, let me know that too. All the weights got mixed up. Between them. Do you guys need help with anything? Is there any way I can help without making it more complicated? Let's see. I mean, I'm just having trouble getting this on here right now. Yeah, these things are just hard to get on. Drew, are the two of you guys going to put those on that shelf over there? Okay. We're just going to put this down. Trying to do? Get it down here? Yeah, it goes down. It's that. Do the two of you guys that are paddlers want to go try that technique then? Yeah. Yeah, we probably should. Is that supposed to simulate? Holy cow. Oh, I see. Yeah, I think we should do that. Yeah, I think so too. Do you guys think? Oh, Carly said she'll do this one. Oh, thank you. Is there a trick to it? No. It's just tasty. Yeah, there's a little bump. You have to like. Okay. All right. So the paper one. We're going to test. We're going to test this here. The paper lab was out there, right? Yeah. Are we doing joints tonight or is that something else? We're doing tubes tonight. Unless we run out of time. We're getting out.
  It's easy once you get it. Yeah. They're just nice. Who is going to be in the boat? Are you guys going to try it? No, we're not. We're just going to try together. Yeah, let's do this. What are we thinking front, back, watch? The guy I talked to said wider weight in the front. Wider weight in the front, okay. Okay, because I should lift up the tip a little bit, which he said is really helpful. So again, that might put into the design. Yeah. Why are you down there? Should we be in the back? No, because it's kind of like, I'm going to sink it down there. Oh. But if we do that, we've got to kind of turn the back. Exactly. Yeah, no, he said make sure you're back in the back, but he said that it would be better than. Oh. You want to do like a. Yeah. Yeah, because I'd have to. I think the water is actually going to be somewhat supportive. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're good right here. Yeah, you won't be like on a pivot. Right. But it will be possible. I'm going to go left, right. It's really good. Yeah. And is it better to sit down like this? Well, or is it better to be like this? Get some room to push into it. I like sitting back on my heels. I feel more stable that way. Yeah. So are we stable here? Are we supported by something? Right now? No, we're stable. Yeah. I think we're on a flat thing. I think this is not a great simulation. I think a better simulation would be this. We should schedule it out. But the commuting, if we can do the commuting, I think that would be a lot better simulation. I don't disagree. Right. And I just think that this is a lot easier. Maybe if somebody had no idea. I don't know. This is going to be pretty easy. True. True. Can we try this one really quick? Can we try this one really quick? Is there a difference? Yeah. I guess once I was in the car. That one has no control. That one has no control. Yeah, that's because the bottom is black. Yeah. Trying to rock it. I guess if I had no idea in cars. I don't. But we're always here, but we're also here. I wonder if it would actually be easier for one person. I was able to find. I think we should have found something. We have to have two. I know we have to have two. I wonder if it would be easier. It probably would. But we need two. All right, guys, it's enough to do a cardboard. I didn't grab your stuff. There's no point in considering one person. I think it's worthwhile to consider. Good majority of the time we're pretty stable, though. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I think. Sorry. All right. They recommended cutting it out like that picture I told you guys to take with one side and strips. I have some marketing devices where you can use pencils. That would be better. Each team should get like a roll, a T-square, split up. Is there printer paper in there? No. I don't think there's a draft of that. One part was like test different joints with printer paper. Before you use this. So that would be useful. 8:13. We have about a half hour. So I recommend trying different thicknesses, different dowels, different amounts of rolls around. And then get your connections to try. Is there space for a group back there? I do not. There are back there. Oh, okay. Do you guys want some of that printer paper to practice once? I don't know. Maybe. I'm gonna grab some. Do you guys have tape? There's one big roll in there. One big roll. I would also practice like rolling joints just to see what that'll be like in a couple weeks. Oh, the scissors and the boxes. Oh, here we go. Where's the third tee back there? There back there. Oh, yeah. Just chuck it out. I think we just have to go this way. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm thinking. How far up? Okay. I think we just... We got it. Oh, we can go this way. Or we can do the table too. I'm just thinking. I only got all this. Yeah. That's good? Is this good? Okay. I'm good with it. Okay, let's go. We don't have much time. So somebody else who's better with designing can... Yeah. We can do design Tuesday night. Oh, I just meant with joints and stuff. Like I have no idea what to do here. This is out of my way. So I say we should... I think, like Levi was saying, I think we start with some of the bigger ones to kind of see how much paper that's going to take. Some of the bigger... I think what we do is we take this, cut it into... Does anyone have the cutting diagram? I don't know. It's 40... Check the group chat. I might have sent it. 40 and then 12, 12, 12, down the sides. Here we go. Now, I think we're definitely going to want to...
  have it curling this direction that's the direction is natural. We're just trying to figure out how to cut it first. Alright so 10 wide. Do we have something to market with? There was a sharpies did we get one? Pencil. Yeah we have a pencil. Pencil. And a straight edge. And we got a t-square. We're using that. Solid. Alright we're gonna get this down on the ground. Weight 20. Corner. And we're gonna do a nice. And that should be 10 wide. 10 wide. 10 wide. Do we have it is it perfectly square? Or is it more rectangular? The paper? I don't know but good enough for government work. Yeah but if one side's longer than the other we might end up being short on one of the rolls. You know what I'm saying? Anyone got that pencil? Any of you guys got it? We're not aligned perfectly down here. Align. I'm trying. You're good enough down here. Good enough okay. Up here I mean it's not perfectly cut I think. No it's not so as long as we're close. Good that's 10. That's 10. Let me pull up that cutting diagram so we can figure out the rest of this. You got it? I can do it. Sounds good. Sorry. You're good. 10 10 10 down. And then it's 8 10 12 14 down this side but we got to mark this first so pull the t-square to this line. You want to mark it down here so we have a good reference too? No that's what the t-square is for. Well. As long as we're sure because this is straight to this. As long as we're square on my mark here. Yeah that makes sense. I have a pen too. That would make better. Do you want a sharpie? That would work a little bit better. Thank you. Do you guys want more direction here or do you feel like you. We got the cutting diagram up so. We'll just cut more of that. Any suggestions outside of that? I would recommend test rolling it like this way like how it wants to roll. Yeah. Roll against it. Okay. Try like two times around your rod three times. See different thicknesses. And then the other. Does this go into the thing or does this or do you take your roll off? You take it off. Okay. And then the other thing and then this side it's 8, 10, 12, 14 going down the side to the mark we just made. It's kind of arbitrary to see what you want to try. And make sure you test joints by the end of the night. We will. It'll be a little difficult. Okay. We got 30 minutes. We have tape but only one thing. Watch out. Okay. Any advice for different joints? We were looking at the. Help me align those in the EMS. It kind of looks like they break the ends. Good. Good. They put like four pucks in it and kind of made. Are you in? I'm good. Yeah. Alright. You can try that. Oh wait. We'll release the country. Anything special with the joints? By testing some stuff would be a good idea. So what other way would there be to do that? I've seen before. I've seen one of those. Alright. Move this over. So everybody like once you have your cardboard they like pinch it in and like it kind of like burrs. Okay. And then you pinch it in and pull down. It kind of wraps around. Yeah. You try that. Wait so how does that form a joint? No so you definitely just like push it on like that and then you tape it. Okay. You have to tape them. Watch out Mason. There you go. Other joints. You can just tape them like just put straight. You can do the fucking. Yeah. Those are the only ones I think I've seen. And then if we did this right that's 14 to the edge. All right let's help me mark out. Yeah. Help me mark out the long lines. Yeah. Because I think get it cut into pieces we want to roll is the first step. Yeah. And I think the cutting diagram they gave for trials. Will work by now. Is worth it. Perfect. Let's go. What do we need? Burning time. All right. Okay. And how did you determine what width and length you wanted to do? It's based on the cutting diagram. The cutting diagram. Yep. Yeah. Watch out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to try. All right. I did the marking. Does someone want to do the cutting while we discuss? It is what it is. I don't mind cutting unless somebody else wants to. Yeah. I'm good with whatever. Whatever you've done. And it's just it's cutting all these lines, right? Cut the lines. Nothing special. Cut the lines. Cut them. You can use the T-square to cut straight if you want. Yeah. If you want me to, I can hold it. If you want, you can throw my nipple from the one end. That's a good idea. Can we start rolling? Right-handed. Yeah. I've got the best paperweight. I just had that there first. Because I didn't know if we needed to cut. Oh, yeah. No, I didn't think that this was a good way to do it. It was a joke. Oh. Right in my head. We have until 8.50. 8.50, what time is it? 8.22. 8.22. See if you can get it, open up the scissors a little more. See if you can get them to glide. Like, you know when you're cutting wrapping paper. Alright. And then in here, I think we're going to start working with this. Yeah, we're just going to roll. Do you know which one you want? All of them? This one too. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And you can also use these to test joints. Okay. Do you recommend that we not try smaller then? Do you guys try one of them? We haven't tried any yet. Yeah, we're just starting. We're cutting small. Which sizes do you have? You guys can try it. I don't think we start with this one and see how it acts. Okay. You guys can try and start rolling those while these cuttings. That's what we're going to do. We just got this one. Rolling. You want to roll? Where'd that printer paper go? It's in here. And we're allowed to use printer paper. That sheet's ready. No, this is just a design test. If we're doing this just to test joints, I'm just going to make up some fake tubes with this. If we're just going to test joints. -
  Okay. Can you hear me? Is this okay? Yeah. Let's just tape this seam for me real quick. I don't know if this is the most up. Oh, is it not pre-started? It's there. I just need to get it out. I need you to tape this seam down. Oh, wow. This is actually... You think this way would be best? Right here? Yeah. This may be wrong because it's, like, fully sealed, but this is also printer paper we were just testing. I'm just going to make two rolls so we can cut them into pieces. Hardcore is not easy at all. Try it on the ground, maybe. Watch what I'm doing with the printer paper. Yeah. Do you have that one that's this size? We do not. We do not, yeah. How do you think that's going? Not well. Not very well. I think you need at least a second person to help you. Okay. Okay. I can help. Is the tape ready? Probably three. The tape's ready to go. Do you want more pieces? Yeah. And then we have everything cut, too, so. I don't think, yeah, that's good for testing the joints, but that's not going to be very realistic for how these will roll. No, this is just a joint test. I'm just building tubes to test joints. Okay. We're going to do those. Yeah, so the issue is keeping it. Okay. Nate or Mason, do you want to try and help them with that? Yeah. I would leave it on the ground. I'll let you guys figure it out. So we got that. We got to keep it. So we eat. We all have the same. You're a way. Yeah. Well, this. It's not a worry. It's always a similar. Oh, this is. I have a lot of room space out here. We can go back. Just line it up there. Would you put our scissors, Nate? They are right in that longer board. Yeah. I think you guys. I think three is good on the tubes, honestly. You want to start? Grab a tape for them. Actually, I think this is what. I think this is what makes it hard. Okay. Let's start tape. Yeah. Keep pressure on it. Where's the tape? I can't roll it. I can roll it back that way. Yeah. Keep pressure on it and then roll it back. That way. Keep it. Nate, can you help me? I got you back here. Release. All right. Is there a cut over there? No. No, I think that was the one cut. We're going to do it this way. We have a tape gun. We're going to use it. That should do it. That should do it. Secure that. Can we take this? All right. I wonder if there's a YouTube video. I'm sure there is. I'm following this. Most questions of the forum, I wonder if there's anything that you know about. Have the answer yes. Now you've cut that in half to try to do what you want. Yeah. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Maybe your knife might come to you at that point, maybe? Or do you think scissors will? I think scissors will be better. They're radically just going to hurt you. Scissors should go easily. That's not very stable, though. Just barely squeezing it. We're also not fully taped there. That is true. And remember, brace it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, we have to test the strength somehow. I'll do it to myself. Or more accurately. All right, who wants to hit me over the head with one? No. I have four tubes ready that I can try. I want to try some. This is actually a decent strength. What was the diameter of that roll? Whatever the diameter of this. Do we have that tape still? Yeah, this is the same. I mean, it's actually pretty close. Half inch. That is not. Three quarters. Oh, wait, we rolled on that one. Sorry, I thought we rolled on the other one. Yeah, three quarters. Do we want to try the instability over here? So, so. I would say it could be stronger, but it could be weaker. Yeah, so if we go bigger than this, we're going to get less stable. This, I think it's decently stable, but I don't think you want to go less stable. Basically, like most of it is two layers, but there's parts of it that are three layers. I would say, well, most of it is three layers. Do we want to try this? Mostly three layers. Mostly three layers with a couple of two. Three, four, a couple of two. Do we want to try this half-inch PVC? No. Or is that half-inch? This is three-quarters of each. Do we want to try half-inch? I think we try. No, that's three-quarters. Yeah, outside to outside. Where's that giant one? I kind of want to try one. One inch? Let's see what we get. I think a one-inch is just going to be too big. Could we possibly reuse this? Or do you think you better just use a new one? I'm going to just go with the super thin one. I think that the tape will do. Yeah. Does someone want to work on... I want to roll. Does someone want to work on... Or do you guys want me to help roll? Or do you guys want me to work on jewelry? Because I have some ideas. I don't have any ideas. If you have ideas, I think you run with it. All right. If you guys work on a roll, I'm going to sit here and shop out some joinery ideas. Yeah. I may need the tape as well. Yep. We can share. Okay. Wait. So here's just a thought. If that's easier to do... If the difficulty is the length, do you want to cut it in half and then roll it? You could, or we could do this. I don't know. Are we already going to cut it in half? I mean... Well, what about... Is this going to be roughly the size of the joint? Yeah, I mean, it could be plus minus. Yeah. We can just do that. It might not be bad to get some practice rolling in about this size. Who let it lapse back onto the nose? Someone got fingernails? That's probably me. I did, too. I've got toenails, but not fingernails, so... - Oh, yes.
  What if we, for the time being, we took the tape, the, well no because we're going to pull it out. I'm enjoying the idea of that. But we need to get the, it's not going to work with the rods. That's the smallest size that I can get out. I just need the rods. I don't think, I think that's what's possible. We're trying just to see how stable it is. It's up to you, but I think it would make life easier. I'm sorry, I'm not, I wasn't paying attention. I was saying, what if we took the tape and just taped this to the rod? Not like a full thing, but just like a thin strip. And then it would be easier to roll it that way, but then we're not going to be able to get the rods. I think the rods would kind of be easier. You can just rip it off. I think it's up to you guys. I don't think. We can try it. I think if we could do this a little bit. This rod is perfect. Okay, we'll try. Oh, look at that. There we go. Perfect. A little dainty stick. And I think that should do it. You want to do more? Oh. Hey, can someone hand me one of those Sharpies? Where is it at? Thank you a lot. Do you see a Sharpie around somewhere? Shh. It's not in the pockets. It's right underneath your legs. Look at it. I do not see it. Nope, it's not in the pockets. I'll just die ball with them. Here, I have a pencil here if that would help. It needs to mark on tape. Okay. We can find it in just a second. Let's finish rolling this. Let's see what we end up... Unbubbling a little bit. Me too. It's that first roll. If we can get the first roll fairly decent. Yeah, the rest of it is not hard to do. After that, it's more so just keeping pressure. Yeah. Alright, am I going to... I think that's something we experiment to with burying pieces of tape. Yeah. Because like the last one we did, one long strip versus... Hey Levi, when you get the chance, can I have a piece of tape? Yeah. This is taped on the floor a little bit. If you could roll it just a tad bit and let me get it on there. There we go, there we go. You need a long piece or a little tiny piece? Pretty well. It's a lot of that. I can get a small piece. I can rip it from here. Okay. And then, alright, should we try... What do you want to try to get the rest of the tape on here? Little tiny pieces or a long piece? I think about the same size as that. Yeah. I think if we do three strips, so get another strip there and another strip here. But I think you need some on the very end. So you don't want it under how long? Yes. I disagree. Okay. Is that going to be worth our time in the long way down? I think even if you just have like a thin piece of tape, you need some on like... And when we actually go, I'm kind of just putting a little bit on that edge right there. You might want to do a little bit more than what I'm doing. Because you can tell it could be a little bit farther. Alright. What do we want to do? Do you want to get the little tip there? Yeah. Or if you want to rip it, you can rip it. And then you might want to try do one end long ways and then wrap it and do like a full wrap around. We could do both. That would be beneficial or just overkill. I don't think it could hurt to try. Yeah. Yeah. Wasn't perfect, but it was pretty close. Alright. Now can you stretch it? Yeah, that was easy. Sweet. Yeah. And that tube is a lot better looking. It looks better. How does it feel strength? What? That feels a lot better. Oh yeah, that feels strong. I think it's a good way to measure the strength. Ow! Forgot that that was an actually sharp edge. I'm used to tape cutter edges being stupid dull. Yeah. I'm having to slice my finger. Maybe you can really tell how strong you were trying to flex it. Do you want to? Oh, yeah. We point where that's not taped. We always not tape. So, tape this way. What about edge wash? That's not bad. I think taping... That's weaker there. Yeah. I think taping it around like this was a good problem. Try flexing it and flexing that end. That's... I feel like that end was starting here. Yeah, I agree. Well, if we have enough tape... This end went around. We need that in one of them. Like... You went around with tape on back? I obviously didn't put a ton of tape on any of these. But I do have three concepts to deliver here. If this is like that... Yeah. We taped it the same way. Oh, shit. Well... Okay, so what if... We're trying to compare... If we did the same thing, what do we do differently? How much overlap did you have on your... Oh, I see what you're saying. Oh, not very... I had this much overlap. And this one has... Quite a bit more. Do you guys think... Do you guys think this one's weakness is caused by the diameter of the tube we used to roll it? Or by the... Or by the fact that the cardboard crinkled when we tried to roll it? I don't think... I don't think crinkling... I think the crinkling would mess with it because I think with it's close together, right, you got a little bit tighter. Whereas the crinkle will make these gaps that move the other way. Yeah, I do think just as a general rule, if we have a smaller diameter, it's going to be stronger. I'm not sure. I don't know. This does feel better, but it also has no crinkle, so it's not really a fair... It's not a fair... The wider, we're going to have more flex with it, like it's going to have more ability to flex because it's going to be wider. There's going to be a bigger compression factor. Well, yeah. This is also thinner, so it's easier to just... Would a larger diameter on these, they're just thick cardboard wrapped around PVC tubes. This one is... I can't remember how big, but anyways, would larger ones, larger diameters be better, or smaller diameters be better for strength? What am I missing? What are the strengths, what are the downsides? I do think we may want to compare mixed diameter. I think we want to make all the tubes the same. That's not a bad idea. I don't disagree with that. Maybe some of our light... maybe some of our cross braces we build roughly
  that size because it is easier. If we are going to vary them, we should have a reason why we vary them. As in, we should say this diameter is better suited for this carpet. Can I see this? Yeah. Can we cut that one in half? Yeah. Can I have the same length? Okay. I wish we had some actual scissors. Oh yeah. The tape to the bottom of my shoe currently. Okay. I wish we had an actual force gauge so we could test realistically. Look how easy this one is. I mean, we did like bend it. And it bent here too. So that's transferring the force down. I just want to be the same because I'm thinking water is going to be pushing inwards. You have punctured. You might have held that at my throat. I mean, that's physics for you. I brought it to buckle. It's not going to provide support. Yeah. Ready? Also, I did, I tried out three different joinery concepts on the paper too. Those that we use to make the second one. That we have. Half inch. Yeah. So we tried three quarter inch. Here, do you want, you, you know a little bit more than me. Reach through this. Do your thoughts. One second. What is it? That's what I would say. Well, I had AI generate some stuff on it. I don't know. You guys can read it too. But, um, it said larger is better, but it said that there's a caveat to it that would make it unique. And we would need to get the same number. That's chat GPT for you. And we would need to do the same number of graphs. It was saying that larger is better, but you can have local bucket. I don't understand what that means. That's what I'm reading right now. Okay, I see what it's saying. I see what it's saying. Essentially, it's saying for a larger tube, for the same amount of... Wall thickness matters as much as diameter. More wraps of cardboard, on a smaller tube, can outperform fewer wraps on a bigger one, but for the same wall thickness. So for the same thickness of tube, bigger wins. How many loops do you have around the smaller one? It's probably like eight. Yeah. Right, right. So the answer that I got is that the... The... Is that... I think that... If you have a smaller diameter, then it will be tougher, but if it buckles, then it... So you're saying it's smaller is better? Except if it buckles, then bigger is better. Oh. If any of them buckles, we're going down. Not any. I think if we build it correctly, we can have up to one... How many times does that wrap? Like 10. Yeah, that's crazy. I think it's only three. Is it three? No. Do you like that size? Did you guys try going both with and against the roll? We did not. Oh, no. Try going both ways. Okay. And is this large? Do you know if a bigger diameter is better or a smaller diameter? It kind of depends. I'll say. So joinery concepts. Yes. I did three types. One full wrap. They're not taped very well, so they're not very strong, but one full wrap where I cut it so you wrap it all the way around the other tube. One partial wrap where you cut flaps and then tape them down. And then one where you cut a hole into the other tube and slide them together. This one feels strong, but I'm a little worried about it tearing and how to do it. This one feels decent, the small flap. We just need to make sure not to pinch it as we're cutting. This one feels really bad. Because it went through, right? No, this is the through axle. I think I forgot to tell you guys what I was going to say. I would test joints a little bit here, test rolling it the other way, and then I would recommend using that PVC thing and trying it in the water. Because we have like 10 minutes left. PVC. So try rolling it that way once. Try a couple different joint methods quick. I'll work on it. I'll use our existing tubes to build some. I just cut this in like... This is one of the 20. Sweet. I'm going to test some joint methods. It doesn't really matter. If we're going to compare them, we should compare them to the same. I think if we're leaning happens, we should do that. I don't really like the throw axle joint, because it's so hard to build. I'm going to do the two kicks of the camera. I'm going to write down the... We need to make sure that the tape is... Okay. I don't think we're going to want to roll all the way down. If we're going... No. I would do three wraps. Yeah, three wraps for accuracy. Wait. What did he say to do? He said go against it? Go against the bed. We've been going against it. Yeah, we have been going against it. So now we're going with it. No, we've been going with the bed. We have? Yes. So this is with the bed. Yeah, we need to flip it. Yeah. Yeah, like that. No, no, no. That's not flipping. This would be... No, no, no, no, no. This is... This is a... When you say against the bed, this is technically against the bed. Because see how it's turning up there? And then if you flip it like a... Like a... That is going with the bed. Yeah, with the bed. With? And then if you... Yep. I love how I guess he meant not in the dimension. I see what you're saying. Yeah, I can see how that could be confusing. But I think this is what he means. That's how I took it as well. So, I mean, I can see why... I don't know if... You also want to help me real quick? I think just one other person. I would be very surprised if this was... Do we want to cut it halfway? Make sure this is level. Let's just do three wraps if we can. I don't know how to measure that, though. That's my biggest fear. Are we equal here? I feel like we're on. Are we on? Oh, we're on. I'm sorry. We're good. Yeah. Hey, I didn't get any bubble here. Oh, there's bubble in the middle. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Try that. I didn't get any bubble down here, which is crazy. Okay. So there's two levels. And then... You want to get a decent weight through the third level. Right. We need to get a decent weight through the third level. Okay, so we're hitting third right here. It's just hit three levels, so we've got to keep going. You're at three levels? Yeah, we just hit three. We need to get it all the way to three levels of round. you
  - Okay, you ready for a cut? - Yep. - It's okay for a test right now, we'll be fine. - Just paste the ends off with the scissors. - What is it? - If you're having trouble with the ends, just cut the ends flush with the scissors. - Oh, I think, yeah, I see what you're saying, but I think we should be okay. - Or are we doing it that way? - Is that how we wanna do it? - That's what I was thinking. - I need some more tape. - Okay, could you give us two seconds? - Roll it towards the end. - I don't know, these are the two joint styles. - Okay. - I don't know, these are the two joint styles. - Okay, do we want more tape? - Yeah, just on the ends. - Partial? Partial round? - I think we need more of the ends. Yeah, this end right here is feeling pretty good actually. This end's good too. This feels like the other one you were doing, but that one's a little bit tighter. - This one more relies on the strength of the tape, I feel like. - Yeah. - This, as long as you get the tape, the amount of tape, is this this load or this load? - This load. - Yeah, that's good. - This one relies on-- - Yeah, it just needs more. It doesn't need to be a lot 'cause it's a test. I just feel like you need-- - And then this one would feel like it relies more on the strength of the tube. - Two. - I think it's three. - But it also produces more of a failure point for the tube. - One, two, three. - But that could be solved by not over-- - Yeah, again, three. Yep, this is three. - Okay. - So what were we doing with this again? I forgot. - Oh, this. - I mean, we were testing-- - Going with the bend. - Okay, I think one issue might be that when you have a smaller strip, it is going to have more strength. Just like if you ever have a branch, it's easier to break it. If you have-- - Right, but-- - A long one because of leverage? - But if you test it like this, like if you put your thumb here, and you put your other finger here and you push like this, this is still going to be the same even if you do a large one like that. So this one, if I put this here, this here. - Does that feel weaker? - It does. I think it feels weaker. Somebody else want to try it? Let me feel it. - I mean, it doesn't help that we, like, snapped it a bunch, but-- - Can I feel this? - Yeah. - Ooh, but you also taped this down all the way around. - Right. Right. That might play into it. - Is this the larger-- is this one smaller or larger? - I think they're the same, but we got it tighter. - And it should be the same half inch. - But we got it tighter. - Wrap tight is important. - Yeah, we got the one in-- - Yeah, so this one's stronger, we're thinking, right? - Can I take a sheet of that? 'Cause I want to try something. - Yeah. - Try and finish up in, like, the next five minutes. - We want to get to the-- ooh. - Or was there something we wanted to try with the water tanks? - I don't know if you need to try that, but you can. Did you guys try rolling it both this way? - Ask them. - Yeah, we just did with this one. I think that's tighter. - Yeah, I think-- - I think it seems stronger. - It appears to be stronger. - They all-- they were on tubes. I was on joints. - But, again, remember, all of this is not-- like, we didn't take all the way down. We didn't-- the other one is tighter, right? There's a ton of factors here. - There's a lot of variables. - Yes. - There's a lot of constants. - I know. - I want to see what this-- I want to see a very rudimentary test. - Obviously. - At least, like, number one, we tell you-- - Maybe a hybrid of what works well for-- you know, whatever. - Okay, are you going to be trying something with the water? - Yes. - I think do some research. - Put it straight down. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Ask AIs. Have it look up some information. - And be like-- - Hey, we're doing a test with the boat. - And I think we compare it to the thing we found, too. - We're doing a test in the water. - A very simple, very quick water test. - Oh. - A boat with only three saps. - Oh, I see. - Yeah, but still, it's gonna show. - Yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - And it's also printed paper. - Yeah. - This guy feels really good. - How's the-- - That's the half inch against the grain. - Yeah, sorry. Yeah. But also tape all the way down. So half inch against it, tape all the way down lengthwise. - Oh, cool. - I keep getting myself a stupid tape cutter. - I know. - And the tape, we wrapped it all the way around. - Yeah, that's right. - Tape almost goes--basically goes all the way around. - Better job on the skin than I am doing here. - This is supposed to be quick and dirty. - Oh. - But, eh. - What's the outside? - No. - All the way around. Just the chart like that. - Oh, total surface area. - Surface area, okay. - Yeah, total surface area is all of it. Lateral surface area is the area around the-- - All right, boat time. - All right, boat time. - Boat time. - Great. Hurry. - You want to go this way? - Oh, we can? - Yeah. - Oh, we'll move stuff here. - And then we'll get this a little bit more. - Is this the actual material that we'll have? - I believe so. - Sweet. - Everything that we're just cutting up should be exactly what we're looking for. - Okay. Obviously, besides tape, this should all be-- - There's a lot of stir here, man. - Yeah, no, this is good. - Thanks. - This is not like a measurement test. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know. I know. - Just to see how it-- - See how it does whenever you give it a puncture? See how it reacts? - Anyone got-- I left my knife upstairs. I can't really puncture it. - Oh, that's just letting it water. Maybe-- - How's the stability when it gets a little bit of water? - Yours will be a little different than that, too. - Remember, this is a very rudimentary test. - This is worst case scenario. - No, this is worst case scenario. - Whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I was thinking. - Yeah, well, no, I would say-- - Oh, the water's draining out. - Can we put a drain hole in the boat? - We are not putting a drain hole. - No, 'cause the front's getting in the way. - Guys, I know this sounds crazy, but-- - Yeah, no, I think that's important for us to know, too, if we start onboarding water for some reason. - Put a hole in the side. - Yeah, for the paddlers, if we start onboarding water for any reason, punch it. - We still have a good bit of time. - Take your pinky finger. - We still have time to-- - Oh, I see what you're saying. - I'm saying if we start onboarding water, I say we just start poking it and trying to get as far as possible. - I wanted to see how this performed. - And then once it starts filling up so much, should we poke a hole in the side, or do you think that'd just make it worse? - Not in the side. Maybe--well, like, if you have multiple bottom layers. If you poke a hole in the first bottom layer, hypothetically-- - Okay, so also, I wanted to see how it would-- - Also, if we're gonna have two bottom layers, we poke a hole through the first layer, we're gonna have that extra little--it's not gonna be much, but it'll buy us a little bit of extra time. - Yeah. And then-- - Worst case scenario-- - Do we wanna poke a hole in the first bottom layer? - No. - No, no, no, no. - We're not poking a hole in the bottom. - That's a--that's a worse comes to worst. We're making it ditch after. - I wanna see what it takes to sink this. - You should just carry something-- - Okay. How do you wanna test that? - Poke a hole in the bottom. - That's good. - All right, so we could take on-- - Wait, okay, and then once it spins-- - It feels good. - Yeah. - And another important thing thing is you
  These two ways of running we were thinking at an angle what if we ran like the bottom supports kind of like you have them now Like flat like that Yeah, that might make it. I don't know. We're gonna be I don't know if that would I didn't get to angled joints said We probably run some tests and stuff. I didn't get to some research. I didn't get to testing angled joints But what are you guys's thoughts on the two joint styles I did here? Let's take the seat boat I see both in love I see you What do you guys think? I think this one feel visit. I think this one's a little better because it relies on two bond tubes This one kind of more relies on the tape Yeah, I think the full round might be a little stronger But we just have to be really careful with how much we cut that we don't do this Yeah, so we almost need to like calculate that out like of how much to cut okay, which that shouldn't be a hard calculation No, that's really easy. It's pi r squared Point A, point B, yeah. Yeah, I don't know that one. But yeah, I'm tracking. It involves pi, I guarantee it's a circle. Well, yes. That makes sense. Okay. I don't know is there anything you test with this? Is it fully taped? It's taped almost all the way around. I'm faulty. I'm just kidding. Fill it with water? It does. It does still float. It still has air. Still floats. It still wants to float. It still has air in it. But it will have air in it if it goes down right away. It's very good at retaining air. Which is good. Which is actually good. We built an airtight seal essentially. Could we actually like tape the ends of it so if we do start to go down it has some blades? That's what we're doing here. Oh yeah. That's what we're doing here. That's what we'd be doing with this style of joint. That's what I was kind of getting at earlier. I think this joint we run something like that on the bar. So I think the full way round joint is the better joint. I agree. I agree. Wouldn't it be great if we had a more limited tape? Yeah. That also preserves tape better. Yeah this uses more tape than that. No he isn't talking about the joints. He's just talking about the joints. Yeah. We're not tape milling it. I mean if we could tape around every single piece of paper that we're using it would help if we could but we can't. I said remember how I said the AI thing said that tape would be your limiting factor and calculated that you should tape the entire under hull of the boat. That's crazy. The entire sheet and it was like that will take 71% of your tape and I was like uh. I'm just going to say more than 71. But I think this joint style is better. If it would be possible. We're just like using the smallest pieces of tape. Now that you know what you know now I would get a plan together for next week. Because next week you start construction so you want to know what you're doing. Can we get that receipt paper to take with us? Yeah I got some upstairs for you. You guys get two. We get two pieces of receipt paper? Yeah. I can get you another one if you want. Just like sketch out what size you want on stuff. Since it's a scale thing I say we come up with our duct. I think we may have to meet once or twice this week. I think what we do is we try to meet before the next lab which is Tuesday. We're already going to meet Tuesday right? Yeah. I think Tuesday we may need to take the full two hours. I don't disagree. I think Tuesday we need to sit down, plan out our full boat and then I think we use the receipt paper for sketching and then... Yeah, over the weekend what I can do is I can have Claude build out a simulator. We have that simulator. I made a simulator that will simulate the boat multiple and recursively. I'll run a codex one. Yeah, run a codex two. And we'll see what we get? Yeah, exactly. I can have code compare and contrast. It's early September still. So I still have all of my codex tokens for the month. So I can have it just... I have five hour limits and week limits for Claude. I've got five hour and week limits as well. I haven't touched it this week. I don't have monthly limits for Claude. So I can run on it. I'm just going to have it run overnight pretty much. Do you want to just grab our... Yeah, I think we're done here. We'll grab the receipt paper. Yeah, clean up. Grab a receipt paper. We're done for tonight. I think this is just trash. What did we do? What do people need? So simulator, simulator. What else we got? I might sort of try to do a rough design of just all the basic ideas that we're... Does anyone here... Question. And then I'll try to make a couple different hybrid models. Does anyone here know how to do it? Does anyone here understand CAD in the slightest? I know it in days, but I don't know how to do it. I used to know how to do it, but I don't have access to it. I would want almost... This is more of a Tuesday. I would appreciate some help on this if anyone has any knowledge. But once we get our design out, I would love to fully plan out how we're going to do it. Like somehow get a design of what we're doing on our machine. I wonder if there's somebody that I know that can help us. As I said, there's tons of people in my dorm. You got somebody? There's a guy in my dorm that I think... I can talk to him and see what he says, but he's... He's in the civil building. I think he has the cap. Okay. Yeah. I'll talk to him. If he has the mine. If not, let me know and I'll talk to some people too. I can also talk to some people. Okay. But let me check first. And then if he can't do it, text this. And then we'll... And we just want him to do a design? What am I asking him specifically? I think basically we're going to design it and then help us put it into a cap program. Am I reading correctly? Yes. We'll design it. We'll put it into a cap. We'll design it. We just need him to put it in. We're going to do a receipt. We're going to get like a receipt paper or 2D CAD. Yeah. I want to get... This is me. I want to get a... I want to try to get a 3D model of it before we start building. All right. I like that. Okay. Anybody else have any other thoughts? No? I'm going to get out of here. I'm going to throw this away. Okay. I got homework, so... I do too. Okay. So we just grab our stuff, pray, and leave, right? Yes. All right. By the way, did you have a competition that forgot about this? I saw her on here tonight, and they were from somewhere else, but she has the design plans from a boat that won first place a couple years ago. Can we just borrow those? So I think that would be good reference. I mean, obviously, we don't want to copy it, but we're not going to copy it. Can we take the software? It would be nice to see kind of what we're involved with. But if we break it down into the different components, we can decide for each of the elements of their design whether we want to include or exclude. Can we please undo the software engineer treatment on that? Do what? Can we please do the programmer treatment on that? You know, no one actually writes the code. We all just copy-paste it from Stack Overflow and GitHub. I mean, I don't know if somebody, maybe somebody out there has built a program. I mean, look it up on GitHub.
  the full boat you're going to build like the full boat simulate like the we're building the folk um recursive boat simulations yeah basically yeah basically it it doesn't need to be a program for other people to use it's like a one-time software use for us i'm gonna have it just okay i'm probably not gonna give mine a gooey that's fine um it just needs to be it just needs some way to run so whether that's in python code whatever that looks like i'm probably just gonna do python run it in um terminal that's fine whatever i i would ask codex and be like hey what would be the best way to do this i'm gonna no i'm doing it python you just want a python okay i'm gonna actually know i'm gonna have an export to an excel sheet right but that's what i'm saying i don't know which one's the best um i've done work with excel sheets in python before okay i haven't done python but like not with codex or with chat right like i've actually built stuff in python that outputs to a spreadsheet before yeah so i'm gonna have it you could do that too i'm gonna have it do what i know yeah so i can debug it oh i see you said yeah do you guys want one of these for like a scale size for your boat oh yeah other people are gonna take them so yeah and that is the one with the scale so it's on the yeah i forget exactly what the scale was there's like a millimeter is a flood or really there's two colors oh okay one inch is two millimeters two million is an inch maybe what yeah two millimeters is an inch yeah that makes sense that we borrowed that else want one of these um we can take it in case we mess up on the first one can't hurt you want to take all i'm not good at it i'm not going to take it i mean you can't promoise you yeah exactly that's the thing you can't use these for our boat here well it's not from this oh cat you guys just need to keep that for uh let's see what piece use the room what are we what are we keeping for oh isn't this the receipt paper that we're yes using those design things for the so we're going to need so you need to no no no this is the scale this is the receipt paper yeah this is the receipt okay yeah and so we're using this to design 2d cad to figure out like how everything fits yeah so okay so you want to hold on to that until i don't know what you think yeah i mean there's plenty of paper here if somebody wants to that isn't far material to like both i hope you yeah no i know i was just yeah uh they're the uh lab instructions we definitely follow yeah um do you mind sending a picture of that spreadsheet that you created um i'll just send the spreadsheet yeah i'll send them a picture i'm just sending the spreadsheet yeah yeah are we talking the lab one or the calculator one okay uh the lab the one with the nursery yeah do you wanna leave and then once we're outside then break yeah you know we gotta figure out something okay who's got room in there for one of my roommates already called dibs on the list okay yeah um i would have you but i don't know how to do it we have a lounge we lawler has a lounge i said palmer that's my we have we don't we have a co-ed part but i don't think we could put it i don't know maybe we could put it there we have a lounge we have a study we have a like a little study part people usually aren't in there we could possibly do that in ours we could go we could look at it too i'm down yeah i don't think it could hurt it can't hurt unless it's like downpouring oh true stop training yay because we're carrying pieces of paper oh wow i got you let's let's maybe move to this thing where are we going i thought we were going to look at your study line um i thought we were just praying really quick let's pray really quick and then we can go from there all right um how do you want to do it this time do we want to share i just want people to pray i mean uh are you asking like do we still want to do individual prayer versus just one i just made this time i'm not saying for all times i'm going to say for tonight lord thank you for the um opportunity we had to learn about your creation and how you designed physics um we just thank you for the community we have with each other and our fellow engineering and computer science students lord we just ask that as the work gets more difficult that we don't lose sight of you and what it's really about and lord i just pray that as we um work on the boat we work well and our conversation glorifies you in your name amen okay all right um who wants to go check out the little lounge area is anyone in the hill i am in the low i'm behind the hill are you i mean we can go look at my house area i think we can check that i think we can check your area is just on here right here on the account of it's a 30 second block yeah then we head over to the other side of campus okay i don't disagree and you said you're in the promise of mcchesney oh that's a four walk it is um you know where lawler is yeah there's a little bit farther than lawler yeah go by lawless watch out my lungs as well oh yeah just get the different lounges and be like i don't know we start board and put it in there we have claimed this spot um the only thing is the wall of allowance gets reversed reserved for process activities a lot okay um um so active yeah oh it is it's great i love it i think there's only there's only for ours i know my roommate is having to do the my bro sis is creating an instagram account right now hey listen mcchesney has one too there's a there's a night of mcchesney yeah that's the guy and whoever runs it um it's hilarious does chapel does me does memes as their chapel notes i'm convinced because the speed at which your chapel notes get posted needs to be studied he's great he doesn't want people to know who he is there so i'm not saying that's fair just like i know i actually know cedar blokes well yeah no no i don't know how creative response is gonna be it's a nice big area but there's a lot of stuff in here um stored it in here, built it in here?
  Honestly what I would say, this is more in Rogers level 1 city lounge because it's way bigger. Okay. We'll go... Rogers is... Which way? That way? That way? On to... That's where we did our draft? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We did our draft. It's way bigger. You could probably put it in a spot and just press I and say, "Please don't touch." We'll go look at that. Do you know if there's an RA? There's a RA. I just know someone lives on that floor. We're also gonna check out Palmer. McChesney. Someone had Palmer, right? Yeah, I have Palmer, McChesney, and Palmer. We're gonna check out Rogers too while we're here. Yeah. Hey, Carrick. Yeah, exactly. Figure out where we can work. I do like your guys' name signs on your bedtime. Oh yeah, that is cool. Ours are just like opposed to a shame where we're from. How's this home for you? What's up, man? Is this okay if I drop this off too? I'm not gonna use it before Tuesday. I'm gonna give you my receipt paper too. I haven't sold it yet. Is it like chopped? I mean, that's not great. Have you not had one yet? Well, I have it Monday, so I had it off this week. Yeah. All right, it's fine. We got five of them. All right, let's run. Is that your guys' doorstop? Yeah. The shoe? Yeah, we actually have a doorstop. We just don't need one. What time are you going to do this one? What time are you going? All right, down this way. Which way are we going? Down, and then you're behind the long horse. There's that door to the left. Okay. Not the alarm sounded one, obviously. Are you sure? No, we don't even need doorstops. Yeah, because people will just open your door for you. There you go. There's a little bit of space. There's a little bit of space. Yeah. Do people come in here though? That's my thing. Okay. True. I don't know. This might work. It has more space. It does look like . Yeah, somebody left their phone. Anyone have a phone? Free phone. Free phone. Just do a format. So that would work. Do not use that door. I was about to. Unless you want it. That's an excitement. That would stop the alarm and the security. It's a fun idea. Have you done it? No, but. Wait. I thought we were done. Oh, yeah, we are here. Yeah. I mean. What's the best way to go back here? We can go back through this way because it's starting to rain and then go out back. Yeah. Hey, I'm curious. Do all of our do our student IDs work for any dorm? I don't know. I think. I don't know. I don't mean for like getting into the hall part. I meant for getting into like the co-ed parts. Yes. Well, I know. We don't have a co-ed. So I don't know. I don't know. The hall style feels so sterile. Yeah. McChesney does not. You guys do have a kitchen though? Okay. We do too. Yeah. That is a downside. McChesney. I will say that. But then again, I probably wouldn't use it. We have to book our. 24 hours. Yeah. There might be some guys playing ping pong. We're just doing tour de dorm tonight, aren't we? Okay. Yeah. Oh, really? No. Okay. This is worse. No, this is worse. Yeah, I didn't think so. Honestly, I don't really care which. Lounge we store it in. So are you guys good if I just stay here and you guys just go and look at them and decide? I mean, that's up to you. Yeah. Yeah. We might make a decision, though, and you're not there. Yeah. What I'm saying is I am good for whatever you do. Okay. Yeah. Part of this is also just tour de dorm. So. Hey. Hey. We got to see nature. What's yours look like? I'll just put it down at my end. Yeah. I'll just leave it there. Yeah. The rooms are pretty big in here, actually. Your personal rooms. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. That's nice and nice space in here. Yeah. Yeah, that's actually a good amount of space. Wow. Which side's yours? I'm lower. And then which side? I mean. Ultra wide monitor or? Mostly. Mostly this half, I guess you could say. It's not super strict, though. Yeah. My roommate's chill. Nice. Cool. Most. My roommate has a lot of hats. Yeah, he does. I like hats, but. Wow. We'll go check out the rest of them and make a decision. Yeah. Okay. All right. Just text me what you decide. We'll text it in the group. Sounds good. Where you headed. Okay. Which way are we going? Which way would be fastest? Which way? Which way is, you guys will know better. We can cut through. I haven't been this way yet. I feel like, are we that way? No. Okay. We want to go through. I know where we're going, I think. Okay, good. I know how to get to Lawler. I don't know how to get to McChesney. Oh, yeah. I'm just going to, Lawler's before McChesney anyway, so. But follow me. McChesney's after Lawler. It is after Lawler. So, this way is going to be a go-by. I have no idea. Hey. It does work. Does it? No. No, it doesn't. Let me test again. I could also just pull up Google Maps and we could. Where's the fun in that? Yeah, you get it. It's nowhere, but. Where's the fun in using Google Maps? Come on. Have a sense of adventure, Levo. Nope, I was totally turned around. I know. You tried to go to the wrong. Exactly. Try to circumnavigate the wall. I haven't been this way yet, actually. This is my first time over here. These dorms go really close. Because McChesney feels. Like a walk. Really? Yes. One of the people I'm in my. One of the people I know. One of the people I've gone to church with. I'm living in the hill. So I've been here a few times. Oh, okay. Plus, one of my best friends. Is in Marshall. What's that? Oh, oh. I've heard of Marshall. Yes, we were just in Marshall. Okay. So the hill is made up of. Ford Rogers. Marshall. Car. Okay. And officially. Half-rooted in the back, too. And officially Palmer, but not really. Okay. Just like Faith is officially on campus living. And Palmer is in the hill like Faith is on campus living.
  on campus living. Sure, technically, but I used to have one of those cars. Yeah? Sorry, 95. In a Honda Fit. 130 horses and wheels and an 1800 pound truck. I didn't know that was a 20 pound. You know that's a 6 year school. I told you. I'm waiting for the day I mess up the car and win it. I like to drift it a little bit just for the fun of it. Yeah, because who doesn't? Now if there's somebody with me, obviously I'm going to be a safe driver. But it's just me in the car, you know. I'm going to have a little fun with it. Listen, the policy I've seen is don't push your limits with other people in the car. Yes. And, this is the one I appreciate. If she's in the car with you, the pedal doesn't touch the floor. What? If it's only guys in the car, the pedal can still touch the floor as long as you're filming. Alright, you're heading for Longwood? Yes. Alright, I'm going to navigate back because this is my stop. Yeah, no, I know how to get there from here now. I just, I haven't been out that much. I've been all over. I've been all over because I run a bunch. Oh, yeah. It's boring to change up your route a little. I'm sure. I did like two and a half miles today of intervals. Nice. Why don't we do the marathon? I have not. I'm not coming off here. Oh, it's time to be real. There you go. Is it faster to go right? I think so. It's one half goes in the other, but yeah, it's faster to go right. Okay. Officially, they may be equivalent, but always go right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would go this way right now. Yeah. And what's funny is that I, yeah, I would say the same. It literally depends on what's going on. Depends on the traffic? Yeah, that is a good point. Yeah. Especially after chapel, sometimes I will come up this back. I'm on a bike, so I have to be route finding. If there's traffic, I'm going. Right. I don't know. I take this shortcut a lot. Yeah, so this is funny. If I'm going this way, I take this. And if I'm going the other way, I end up going down there. I do not know why. I take the library shortcut on the left. Yeah. Also, I don't know how cooked I'm going to be next week. Yeah. Because my sleep schedule for this weekend is already cooked. Oh, yeah. You usually go shopping? Straight here, or do you usually go that way? This way. It's already cooked. Yeah. And then I have out high imagination on next week. Starting Sunday at 10. What is that? What is that? What? What is that? Yeah, I'll show you guys more. I guess you guys are going to want to see my room, too. I am going to go out. That's fine. You have to go out. And the funny thing is, one lounge is the same as the other. Okay. Okay. You have to jump first. You are going to lie down. Yeah. Now, when you leave, you don't have to bring all that stuff. You can hold on to it. You can bring whatever you want. You can probably bring your seat paper. I think the other stuff. And it's not a bad part. Okay. Okay. What do you need? It might be. This is our safety action title. I got killed. Oh, you guys are dead. Yeah. I died. I'm alive still. Yeah. Nice. I'm trying to win. Yeah. Yeah, that would have been nice. I didn't realize that he was in the game. I've been trying to watch for people that are in the game, but I didn't get him. Like, I missed seeing him. I'm surprised you didn't do that, though. Right before. Then again, I do. Yeah, they allow it all the way until the beginning of class. And fun fact, I discovered our game, the second the professor says that's all, it's open season. Yeah. I got someone 30 seconds in. I got someone while they were still sitting in their seat tonight. Yeah. I don't know. Also, you see what I mean by I got some speed? Timmy? Oh, yeah. You know, Lawler doesn't have its own meme page, but. No, the guy who does meme pages for McChesney, he is, yeah, he's definitely just a single man show. Nobody else is helping him. I mean, to be fair, Lawler is a film meme page, guys. And I've got one thing that I all got. What's that? Did you, did I? I. I'm not going to flip one. I'm coming to watch. Yeah, we all were. Yeah. That was not an optional. Great. Great. Well, it was. I can't see. No, we're kind of good. See, this is what I mean. This sign is almost all we got. Oh, nine to six. Oh, you have a drink. That's nice. Yeah. That's a lot more space than that. I thought it said nine to six on the door. I think it might be wrong. That one says nine to six. Oh, I see. The ten, the zero got pushed onto the one. But anyways, this is while the round. Okay. It's you, but I can reserve it. Okay, but you'd have to reserve it for like the next two weeks. I can leave stuff there. Oh, but you'd have to reserve the time. But when we decide to work on it, I can go in on Eva's life and I can reserve that. Okay. I'm sure he has my room as well, but why not? He should take care of it. He's just quiet. So he'll be like, why are there people in here?
  He'll be chill, but I'm alright. Yeah, my roommate won't care. I just I think you'd appreciate it He's everywhere he's very sporadic, so there's never like people just show up in my room, and I've never seen him before Yeah As you can see we're huge on locking the door Okay might already be asleep, so oh yeah Now you want to sleep I was just John guys Oh Yeah, no we have at least the one I'm not gonna recognize a box on it I'm just not gonna remember I'm the same way I We have we just we're kind of trying to find a swamp to do our boat That exploring the different ones and then each other's dorms yeah, but this is my this is my room Excuse me excuse my back. Okay? No, it's good. You can see my strategy for lunch earlier first I'm gonna go get a snack earlier I made ramen from my coffee maker Let me just fill this up real quick, okay I thought the other doors would have nicer showers, but I kind of like the hill showers. Yeah Just that the stairs and the different doors. Yeah, no space in the other doors. Yeah, pretty small. The hill is the complete opposite. We have like three stalls and a narrow and like six showers. It's like not tight either. Yeah. You'll have to see me and Chesney too. We obviously none of us are in car. Are you guys physical showers bigger? Hard to tell. Yeah. Or you can barely turn in. So it's like I'm shoulder to shoulder. Yeah. Yeah. Ours is not great either. Now I've been in now our bottoms aren't falling out. I was just like it's a two piece and the bottom is sinking out. This one leaks but it's also the best shot we've got. So then it's right next to the sneaks. Yeah, it is definitely. It's not tight. Alright, wanna see Mick Chesney? Yep. Make a decision. I'm getting like six to eight hours of sleep total this weekend. That's fine. So. You can see Mick Chesney from here. It's not a far shot. No. Now the issue is two of us are clustered in one spot. Two of us are clustered in the other. Yeah. So Lawler by far is gonna have the biggest lounge. But we're also gonna have the hardest time getting in. Right. My lounge, I have literally never seen anybody in my lounge. You were allowed into the lounge through the side door we went through. I'm not a concession because if you notice, I didn't scan my student ID points. We don't scan it. Oh wow. So it's. Yeah. I've heard. Yeah. I've heard. Yeah. This is Mick Chesney. It's not in my design. Exactly. You're getting fined every minute. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the people in my hall used to be in. Uh. Lawler last year. And they were like, yeah, there was no, there was no. Because there's cameras that they say that they go back and watch, but the likelihood of them going back and watching the night is very unlikely. They go back and watch if there's like a known issue. Yeah. I mean, that makes sense. But if you. So the current view is that there's an issue. It's a suggestion. Don't be stupid. Right. And the other thing is they know this. Yeah. Famously. 10 minutes. Every minute, every minute is what? How much money? Yeah. So. They know we're all just going to pay it. So. So, I mean, this is all technically, I guess we could try to put in here, but this is always busy. Yeah. Do you guys want to see the bathrooms compared to the other doors? Yeah, actually, I would like to. Let's see how bad your showers are. Dude, you've got great showers. Yeah, we do. Yeah, this is weird. I'm coming here to shower. And that site's more showers. Levi? Levi, I'm coming here to shower. It is definitely, it's not Murdaugh. It's not. I will wear a t-shirt to shower. I will wear a t-shirt after my shower. It means I can come over here and use your shower. Some people wear t-shirts often, but not everybody. I don't wear a t-shirt in the dorm pretty much. So, I mean, the thing is, this is... Unless we're going out into the co-ed part. Yeah. So, yeah, this is... What in the hell is the co-ed part? That first part where we entered and crossed the street. Oh, it's technically co-ed? It's co-ed, yeah. I don't know. Yeah, so as long as you're in that little staircase there, it's co-ed. I don't know. Lawler has a joke. Lawler has a joke about the hill, so... Oh, I've never heard of it. It's a... Yes, the hill has a co-ed lounge. But the last time a woman was seen in it was 1996. That's our... I don't know. We make fun of you guys. There's a lot of engineers. We make fun of you guys a lot. We don't really get to see women very much.
  I like, I like, okay, not as sterile. No, so this is, this is my whole vacuum. I mean, you can try to figure it out, but. Hey, that's my major. Yeah, so. Hey, Preston. Okay, I love the wanted posters. Yeah, it's pretty fun. This is my, oh. I'll stand back and make sure your roommate's like wearing clothes. Usually it's right here. Here you go. Whoa. I think I'm moving to McChesney next year. Yeah. Yeah, I know, it is, McChesney is definitely. We don't even, you don't even have to puncture beds. Does it come with a mirror? Did you guys put that on? It comes with a mirror. Yeah, like the only, like, I mean, this comes with it. The things, the desk, the beds. Wait, do you get individual temperature control in? No. It'd be nice. Wait, is this you or your roommate? This is my roommate. Is he a ham radio guy? I actually don't know. He goes out and listens to, like, cop stuff. Ah, rip cops. Okay, so that's a sick keyboard. Oh, thanks. May I? Yeah, I can turn on the lights, too. Can I feel this keyboard? It's a mechanical keyboard. Like, listen, this thing is amazing. I got it for $80. I got mine for, like, $120. I love the feel to it. It is absolutely amazing. And the clicking noise is just amazing. It is. The only downside is when you're typing, and then you're, like, with other people, and they're, like, looking at you, and you're like, oh, hi. Or my roommate's sleeping, and I wake up earlier than him. Just use your laptop. I'm just checking what you've got for food, too. Not a lot. Basically breakfast. I just eat breakfast here. I was just checking. Yeah, I was checking your snacks. That's this. We really just keep ours for... That's this. Wow. We've got some good snacks. Okay, low-key, even with the mechanical thing in the ceiling. What is this? It's a trackball mouse. Okay. Yeah, you can touch it. You've got all sorts of weird tech stuff. I like it. I love the trackball mouse. It is literally, like, ergo trackball. Nice. Yeah, it is amazing. Okay, the army guys, that's for cleaning. The army guys, to be absolutely honest, are because when I moved here, I have three younger brothers, and they were very sad about me leaving. So I don't have all of them yet, but they hid them all around my room. Aw. So whenever I have a moment, I think there's one. Are you cyber or mechanical? I'm cyber and computer science. I thought for whatever reason you were mechanical. That's why this is a whole new territory of building things to me, and this is not how my brain works very well. So I'm trying to adapt. Meanwhile, building, I'm mechanical. Building is my strong point. Right, exactly, and that's why I'm thankful for YouTube. And that's why I'm glad you can do it, but I'm glad you can do the heavy coding work, because there's a reason I like Codex. I can't code. Well, I can't code either. That's my downside. You'll learn, though. Exactly. How are you liking DLD, then? That is crazy. It's getting better. Is it nice? I think it's getting better. I scheduled a bunch of tutors. I'm failing right now, so I need to bring that right up. Is your roommate also cyber? I see the challenge point. He's cyber. Oh, that's sick. He's just cyber. I'm CYNCS. I see the challenge point rack. Yeah, I should get one. I think he 3D printed that. That ain't 3D printed. No. Want me to look at it? No, that's some CNC mill. Okay. Again, manufacturing. That's my niche. Yeah, not me. I'm a 3D printer guy. Oh. Yeah. I just like to put stuff together. Yeah. That's what I, when I worked or picked up side jobs, it was just like construction stuff. Yeah. Nice. But no, your guys' room is huge. It is huge. I feel like you guys should get two strands of lights. Yeah. No, we're not allowed. No, I feel like you guys should be allowed two strands of light due to the size. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. No, so one strand. But some people, like this is a shorter strand. Some people have like a lot longer. Go out and get the longest strand of Christmas lights you can. Or like, you know the lights that are running up and down the wall? Mm-hmm. That's what they'll get. They will. Even your vents nice. Or it's like when I'm like trying to sleep, it's just blowing in my face constantly. I mean, it'll turn on. It's off right now. I can't tell if you guys just maximize the space better than we did. We're better maximized than some people. Some of you just have more space. But we do have more space. So it's like a combination. Also, also. One second. One second. You guys both don't understand. I'm sorry. I know. Lawler was the first storm I toured, and I was like, crap, I hate this. Personally. I love it. And that's fine. I just miss being able to reach overhead. Yeah. That's never been a problem for me. You know, I can barely jump and touch your ceiling. I know. It is nice. McChesney is. And that's why. That's why. The guy can even make some McChesney. Because he's just messing with people. But it is. Personally, I like it. It's not Murdoch. It's not Parker. Okay. Those are way better. But. I don't know. I'd be. This is hard to beat. Well, I mean. How's the community though? In Murdoch. I don't know. It's an older. It's more senior. That's all seniors. This one is. We have a bunch of seniors, juniors. We have everybody. Wait a minute. How's the community? Because the one thing. Law is cramped. Yes. Yeah. And. Dated. Yes. And. But community. But you cannot beat the Lawler community you get. Yeah. Because you have no choice but to interact with the 15 other guys you live with. Right. Except though I heard the last year a couple people were in one where people didn't interact at all. Really? How? They just didn't. They closed doors. It was like half and half of the hill. Or at least like before I'm on. Like half of us interact. The other half. Wow. There was like five other guys in my Cal class that were on my floor and I had no idea they were in that. No. Lawler is. Lawler. You talk. The expectation is that if you have clothes on, if you're awake and have clothes on, you leave your door open. Yeah. And as you saw from the way I got into our door, because we don't scan in, we also don't have to close our exterior doors. Yeah. So a lot of units just choose to prop their door open so people can come visit easy. Yeah. The community is excellent. Yeah. No, I would. So. McChesney, I think it depends on what hall you get into. McChesney, lower front, their doors are usually closed. And it felt sterile. It feels sterile. McChesney, lower back, our RA does an amazing job, and I love the people in it. People in McChesney, lower back have been in here since their freshman year, and they stay all the way through their senior year. Not everybody. We have several people from Lawler who have friends in McChesney that moved back here. Like, low key, I may try to talk to my roommate into moving here next year, because if the community is like Lawler-ish. If you can get into McChesney, lower back. Which is this. I don't know McChesney upper. I haven't really been up there. I heard that there's a couple different halls. There's at least two up there. And so, I heard one is good up there. I don't know about the other one. But this is definitely, in my opinion, the best hall for McChesney. I mean, obviously, just like Lawler 3840 is the best Lawler unit. I mean, yes, but also, I mean, you kind of walk through the hall and you can kind of see the difference. in my opinion. - Yeah, I haven't been in every law school
  Sorry about my bed not being made. I woke up this morning and it was all on the floor and I woke up late. So that's made. I don't think I make my bed. Hey guys. We're looking for a spot for our canoes. Are people in here usually? I don't usually see people in here. Like never anybody in there. Yeah surprisingly not a lot of guys this semester. So I'm curious. We're going to take a look at it and see what our thoughts are. So it's not the largest one obviously. But it works. But it definitely works. It works. It looks a little untouched. People are in there. The only thing that's touched is your head and your leg in here. Actually no. So the people across the hall. Right now they're across the hall right there. And that door right there. They have outlets in their room. So they ran their lights in here for their room. That's hilarious. Yeah. So maybe you didn't know that. This is chill well. All in favor. Nate. Nate. He's talking. You're good. All in favor of the Kessie Lounge. You can take a look at this. People are in here. Nobody has really talked about it. But I don't really see people in here. Is this going to be nice for like Lang somehow too? And if Cedarville people are generally respectful of their property. Yeah for sure. And the guys in my dorm. Tons of the guys in my dorm have built boats before. So like if we had a question they probably could literally walk in. Like when I say tons of people we have tons like I would say at least 50% if not like 70% of the people in our dorm have done the boat thing. Okay. All in favor of the Kessie Lounge. I'm good. All opposed. So it is. And we have air conditioning. And we put soccer on too. True. What? Let me read the... Yeah. McChesney Lower Beck is definitely one of my favorites. I'm very nimble. I've heard Brock is... No. Interesting. No. You haven't heard the legend of Brock to the rock. I have. Notice I did not say I've heard Brock is amazing. I said I've heard Brock is interesting. No one argues Brock is interesting. Somebody I heard in there said that it was just too... How do you spell this? McChesney? Or what? Yes. Oh, McChesney. Capital M. No, they're spelling it this way. That's great. So the people across the... So there's the hall. There's lights in the hall. So that's not what these are. So the guys across the way right here. They ran out of outlets. So they ran their lights in here and plugged in. It works. It works. Also, your AC isn't too loud in here. No. Dude, this is great. I'm moving to the other room. Is there someone else in here to work? There's enough space. Yeah, and when I say I haven't seen anybody in here, I've seen people in here once. And that was when we had our whole meeting in here. Oh, I must have been cramped. Yeah, I mean, people were side by side all the way around the room. That was all. We had like 30 people. We had to book a room for our hall meeting. Oh, for your hall meeting or for your dorm? For our unit meeting, we booked a room. Your unit? Okay, interesting. That's our equivalent of a hall. A unit is, so what you saw is two units. So how many people would that be? 32? Okay, that's what we have. We have 30-something. So it's a unit. It must be universal. Yes, a unit. Our equivalent to a hall is a unit. It's one RA. What you got is what you saw was half of one. It was like the hall we were in. That's a unit on the other side of the bathroom. And then another set of those two, that's a unit. Sorry, that's an RA. A unit is technically only one hallway, but 3840 is one unit. 3436 is another unit. It's confusing. Interesting, yeah. I'm very thankful for McChesney, and I love the community that's different for having seniors all the way through freshman, like freshman through senior. Everybody, because it's different than Brock, which is all freshmen. I don't know how the hill is. The majority is freshmen. Sort of like our A, our A, and there's one room that's a couple of sophomores. Lawler largely depends on the units you're in. That's kind of what I've heard. I'm in a unit that my unit, 40. 40 is 100% freshman. Okay. But 38 is 100% seniors. Interesting. That's what I've heard. People just get in it, and then they're in their couple rooms, and then they just become friends with everybody in there. I would love to move here, but I would also really miss the friendships and connections I made along the way. Right. And that's kind of what we were talking about with the half that actually talks together and hangs out. It's going to be weird. We should just get a wall there next year. If we can get into it. I don't know. You guys, your bathroom's right there. No, our bathroom's stuck. No, I'm not going to the wall there. I'm sorry. Our bathroom's stuck. If I was going to move, I'd be like, well, I'm going to move, but I'm going to try and get in here. I may be going again. Hey, if you need a roommate here next year, hit me up. Hit me up? No hate to my current roommate. But he's too quiet. Mine does not stop talking. He's hanging. I go to bed at midnight and they play video games like 3 in the morning. Now, I'm a sound sleeper, so once I'm out, I don't hear them. Yeah. I think I'm going to start going to bed soon. Usually we quit our work at midnight and he goes and gets ready for bed. My roommate's ROTC. Yeah. So it really varies. Sometimes he has to get PT at 4 in the morning. Well, that's what my roommate was doing the same thing and then he's on a prescription that disqualified him from it. So he was getting off that. You know a prescription? Adderall? Yeah, that'll do it. He said, you have to be off that for two years. I have level, I can't, I've got level of thyroid. I remember that. My thyroid doesn't work right. Oh, okay. Yeah, so that wouldn't work. I have something called Hashimoto's disease. I remember that. It's autoimmune. Oh, yeah. My immune system recognizes, doesn't recognize my thyroid as part of me. Yeah. It is actually slowly dismantling for me. Oh, lovely. So I have to take replacement thyroid hormone. Wow. Yeah, autoimmune is crazy. Which, which I have definitely freaked out some people. Yeah. I was going to say, don't get me wrong. I am very much lean right, but I think how uneducated some people are on things. So a lot of times, I will play dumb souls advocate just for the purpose of education. You see where this is going. Okay. Maybe. So we were having a discussion about, it was some discussion, about transgenderism. This was with a like-minded friend, okay?
  He didn't know I had, he doesn't know I had, he didn't know I had Hashimoto's and had to take a replacement. Bioreformant. Yeah. Oh, okay. So we were discussing, you know, cross-gender hormones and such. I got to look this guy dead in the eyes and tell him, "Yeah, I'm not going to look for replacement therapy." That's terrible. Just to watch his head. I was rage-baited. That's terrible. This was like a strong Christian, I know this wasn't going to affect his view of me. We were good friends. I don't do stuff like that when I think it would interfere with sharing the gospel or loving others well. But I also don't see the harm in rage-baiting, a little bit of harm in rage-baiting between friends. Especially when you're friends with them and then you bring it out of it. If you rage-bait them and then you're like, "Haha, I'm just kidding." He's like, "Why do you mean?" Well, this was a public school friend, so he had something else to say. A strong Christian, but his exact response was, "Really? Drop your drawers and poop." I can see that. I know people like that. He went to a public school. That isn't even the third wildest thing you'll hear in the cafeteria. But then I was like, "It's for my thyroid." He's like, "Oh." I know there's another disease that guys can't later in life grow breasts that aren't on purpose. So there's ways to help with that. But again, it's a deviation from... Kind of like if somebody's leg broke and you don't be like, "Oh, that's how God made you. You should just..." You should probably fix that. You shouldn't get cartridges. You should just call on the floor. That's how God made you. That's the difficulty in which you were... You know what I'm saying? But trying to change it in that sense is different. Yeah. Because we're directly coming to the back end. Right. So... But you know, rage baiting is fun at times. Believe it or not, that's not even my wildest public school story. How many flights did you wind up seeing in your time? On video or actually... In person. In person... I'd say between five and ten. A year or total? High school, like all of high school probably five to ten. I saw five or on video. I saw five to ten a year in person. That was involved in what? Our thing though was... There was less fights because you weren't sure if somebody was going to pull a knife on you or not. Fair. I didn't carry it. I didn't carry it at school. Everybody carried three, three inches was the limit. So everybody had a three inch. Ours technically didn't even allow three inch. Ours was technically fully banned. But that being said, the Cedarville limit is three inches. This is 2.9. It's the longest way you can legally carry. It's like the longest way you can legally carry in Ohio. Really? All of Ohio? Well, not really, because you can also open carry. Ohio's great because you can open carry whatever you want. No, yeah, you can have a butterfly knife. You can have... As long as you open carry. Um, yeah. You can open carry. Right. Check the bell. It's good. Yeah, I know that does feel nice. Um, you can open... Actually, Ohio's constitutional carry, too. So, for firearms, you don't need a permit to be sealed. Unless reunion is the same way. You can actually drive around with a loaded shotgun. In the rack? Yeah, it just has to be on fire. Does it have to be in the passenger compartment or can it be in the rack? It just has to be in a case. Oh, so no, you can't just put a loaded shotgun in the gun rack? No, it's got to be in a case. I don't know the rules in Ohio that you can have it, but if you go onto a property that has a little sign on it that says "concealed carry" and you have to have the permit to go. For example, Myers in Ohio, it has that little sign. You can't go in there and just hold a gun. Why Walmart technically has that? It's Walmart. We're in the sticks. People open carry. Yeah, it's Walmart. People open carry. Listen, I can't remember where I was, but someone was a very dear youth group friend of mine. Suburban white Christian. Like, suburban. Very sheltered. Ouch. Sorry Levi. Sorry Levi, this applies to you. So we were out somewhere. We're shopping. Some guy leads over to pick up some of his groceries from his cart. His holster showing. All of my friends are like freaking out. He's got to be gone. Okay, I would not do that. We were in the, not like that exactly, but like freaking out, panicking. It's in a holster. So this was swim. We were at a canes at like 10 at night. Guy's holster showing. Everyone's freaking out. I'm like, it's in a holster. It's in a holster attached correctly to his belt. The only reason we see it is because his jacket moved a little. We are actively safer by his presence. Stuff goes down, I want him here. He goes, you know what? He's carrying lawfully. He's just here to get his chicken. If somebody with a bag shows up, you know what you're going to do? Shoot them. I take the opinion that a well armed society is a polite society. I would agree. I don't actually know how to shoot a gun. I guess that was my episode. I never learned. I am perfectly fine with people who shoot guns. What have you shot? I have shot... Excuse me to ask what you haven't shot. I have to say what I have shot. I've shot a good bit. I've shot everything from a .410 to a .12 gauge to a .243. I bought a .308 for Christmas, so I haven't got to shoot that yet. Bought a .12 or? Both. Okay. No. I'll just want it. Over. Coolest thing I've gotten to shoot. I got one round of it, okay? So I'm not going to say I'm proficient, but I got to shoot laying in possession, obviously, because of the kickback. I got to shoot one round of .50 DMG. Yeah. I wouldn't do that. It's so cool. The kickback, even laying, the kickback launches you a few feet. Really? It's powerful. And if you don't brace properly, you're breaking your shoulder. I have a friend who had . . . I shot him 28 off the bicep. That probably did not go as . . . I was supposed to have hung the bird from the top. We weren't expecting it.
  Did you get the bird though? No, I missed it twice. Ow. Like I said, we weren't ready for it, so by the time we got it, we were like, please make the play. No, we tried to, but it's our enemy. No, I was just going to say that I have a friend that is really into guns, and he's going into the SWAT team, but he basically won whatever the fair or whatever, so it could be everybody at the fair. And then I think his brother also knows somebody who used to be ex-military, so he has all of these guns technically that are not legal for anybody else to have. Oh, I know. A guy like that? Everyone needs to know a guy like that. Because the guy who has those guns tends to have a place you can shoot them in, legally or at least gray area. Yeah, that tends to either have a place you can shoot them legally or a cabin so far into the woods you can shoot them legally. My roommate's hunted bear, so... I don't want to hunt bear. I only have a... I want to go out to Colorado. I've heard elk tastes pretty good. I have too. Never tried it. I haven't either. I don't know what would it be. I don't know. I'll just do some turkey hunting and duck hunting too. I've never gotten to duck hunt. I think it would be fun. Just... Not so much the sitting and after duck hunting, but training the dog and getting that bonding with the dog. I'm more of a crossbow guy when it comes to hunting. I target shooting dog. I like bow crossbow just because of the longer season. That is true. You're more accurate too. Bow crossbow in Ohio is like a three month season. You know how gun season is like a week and a half? Bow crossbow is like two or three months. It pretty much runs from October to March. March? It's like October to February. So West Virginia they open in September or October and they just run to the end of the year? It opens September 19th. My sister is mad because my dad is going out in the morning on her birthday. It opens September 19th. This year my sister's birthday is September 19th and my dad is going out opening morning. That's how my mom's birthday is for right. It's almost always the first day of right in West Virginia. My dad is going out on the first day. You're not going to see a buck. Come with us. Just grab a gun and come with us. Come with us. Come with us. Grab a gun and come with us I guess. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. We've tried that before. Happy birthday. Have a tree stand full of levy cake. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I did. We were pumped up. coffee or sometimes hot chocolate. I'm a coffee guy. I didn't really start drinking coffee until this year so I'm going to start really. I drink coffee through most high school. Okay. I'm a caffeine. I am too, it's bad. I'm a caffeine. Now like I don't really like the monsters but like if you go to Walmart they've got like this little water packet things that you can get they're like 100 milligrams of caffeine. Okay so you're not like an energy drink guy? Energy drink guy? No. I do but I look at the price and I'm like I'm not willing to pay this for. I could buy this for the same thing for like $1.50 and get 10 of them. See I don't know. I like it on occasion. For example I had my sleep schedule this weekend just so incredibly cooked.
